1	Venezuelans Vote Early in Referendum on Chavez Rule (Reuters)Reuters - Venezuelans turned out early\and in large numbers on Sunday to vote in a historic referendum\that will either remove left-wing President Hugo Chavez from\office or give him a new mandate to govern for the next two\years.
1	S.Koreans Clash with Police on Iraq Troop Dispatch (Reuters)Reuters - South Korean police used water cannon in\central Seoul Sunday to disperse at least 7,000 protesters\urging the government to reverse a controversial decision to\send more troops to Iraq.
1	Palestinians in Israeli Jails Start Hunger Strike (Reuters)Reuters - Thousands of Palestinian\prisoners in Israeli jails began a hunger strike for better\conditions Sunday, but Israel's security minister said he\didn't care if they starved to death.
1	Seven Georgian soldiers wounded as South Ossetia ceasefire violated (AFP)AFP - Sporadic gunfire and shelling took place overnight in the disputed Georgian region of South Ossetia in violation of a fragile ceasefire, wounding seven Georgian servicemen.
1	Rwandan Troops Arrive in Darfur (AP)AP - Dozens of Rwandan soldiers flew into Sudan's troubled Darfur region Sunday, the first foreign armed force deployed in the area since Arab militiamen began a rampage against black African farmers, killing thousands.
1	Rwanda Troops Airlifted to Start AU Mission in Darfur (Reuters)Reuters - Rwandan troops were airlifted on Sunday\to Sudan's Darfur as the first foreign force there, mandated to\protect observers monitoring a cease-fire between the Sudanese\government and rebels in the troubled western region.
1	Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15 (AP)AP - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast Sunday, killing at least 15 people, including schoolchildren, while a rocket attack during a celebration at a school in the separatist region of Kashmir injured 17, officials said.
1	Australian FM to visit North Korea for talks on nuclear crisis (AFP)AFP - Australia's foreign minister will pay a rare visit to North Korea this week for talks on its nuclear programme after creating a stir here by warning a North Korean missile would be able to hit Sydney.
1	Kerry Campaign Helping With Fla. Recovery (AP)AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry does not plan to visit Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley because he's concerned his campaign entourage could distract from recovery efforts, he said Saturday.
1	Edwards Calls for Changes to Drug Plans (AP)AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards called for changes to prescription drug programs and praised running mate John Kerry's military and government service at an outdoor campaign rally here Saturday.
1	Kerry leading Bush in key swing states (AFP)AFP - Although polls show the US presidential race a virtual dead heat, Democrat John Kerry appears to be gaining an edge over George W. Bush among the key states that could decide the outcome.
1	Democratic Senator Urges Energy Reform (AP)AP - Congress must pass legislation to protect the nation's electricity grid if it wants to avoid repeats of the devastating outages that rolled across eight states last year, Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., said Saturday.
1	Missouri Attorney General Sues EPA (AP)AP - Missouri's attorney general sued the federal environmental agency on Friday, saying it is behind on testing the state's air for lead as required by law.
1	Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting  where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly  Sunday, killing at least two people in a grim reminder of the  country's tortured path toward democracy.
1	Japan Ministers Pay Homage at Shrine for War Dead TOKYO (Reuters) - Three Japanese ministers paid homage at a  controversial shrine for war dead Sunday, the 59th anniversary  of Japan's World War II surrender, a move that drew anger from  Asian neighbors.
1	Najaf battle a crucial test for AllawiClashes between US troops and Sadr militiamen escalated Thursday, as the US surrounded Najaf for possible siege.
1	Who are Ch #225;vez's opponents?On Sunday, Venezuelans will decide whether to cut short the president's term, which is due to end in 2006.
1	Eye on Athens, China stresses a 'frugal' 2008 OlympicsAmid a reevaluation, officials this week pushed the completion date for venues back to 2007.
1	Tense Iraq debates new assemblyTalks on setting up an Iraqi assembly continue despite fresh violence in Baghdad and the Shia stronghold of Najaf.
1	Venezuelans vote on Chavez ruleA referendum is under way in Venezuela to decide if President Hugo Chavez should remain in office.
1	Pope celebrates Mass in LourdesAn ailing Pope John Paul II says Mass at Lourdes, the French shrine revered by Roman Catholics.
1	Rwandan soldiers arrive in SudanRwandan troops arrive in Sudan to help protect ceasefire monitors in the war-ravaged Darfur region.
1	Thorpe leads big gunsIan Thorpe sets the fastest time in the 200m freestyle as swimming's top names cruise into the semi-finals.
1	Mystery over judo 'protest'Iran's Arash Miresmaili withdraws from the Olympics amid confusion over his reasons.
1	Jackson probe 'should be public'Santa Barbara's sheriff asks a judge if he can release the results of an inquiry into Michael Jackson's treatment by police.
1	Rumsfeld warning for Iraq's SadrThe Iraq crisis and differences over Nato loom over the US Defence Secretary's meeting with his Russian counterpart.
1	South Ossetia ceasefire discussedGeorgia and South Ossetia negotiate the details of a truce they forged, despite reports of a village attack.
1	'Mock executions' for UK hostageThe British journalist who was kidnapped in Iraq says he faced mock executions and tried to escape his captors.
1	India carries out rare executionA man convicted of raping and killing a schoolgirl is hanged in India's first execution in nine years.
1	Rowling reads to gathered fansHarry Potter author JK Rowling delights a small group of fans by giving her first public reading in Scotland for four years.
1	President's fate is on the line in VenezuelaCARACAS -- Partisans on both sides are calling it the most polarized and important election in Venezuela's history, a presidential recall referendum today that will determine the course of democracy here and could buffet world oil prices. Both campaigns are also utterly convinced they will win.
1	Lamenting London's double-deckers Up-to-date buses supplant symbolLONDON -- On a sweltering August afternoon, George Watson wedged himself, his briefcase, his sports jacket, and his raincoat into a narrow seat aboard the profoundly un-air-conditioned No. 38 bus, as it resumed its rumble down High Holborn, in London's bustling city center.
1	Clash among warlords casts doubt on Afghanistan's securityKABUL, Afghanistan -- Rival militias clashed in western Afghanistan yesterday, reportedly killing 21 people and ramping up concern about security as the country prepares for landmark elections.
1	Options running out as Najaf talks collapseBAGHDAD -- After more than a week of fighting between the Mahdi Army and the combined US and Iraqi forces in Najaf, Baghdad's Sadr City, and a half-dozen other cities, analysts say neither interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi nor radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had any good options left other than to talk.
1	Japanese youths' rage fuels wave of violent crimeSASEBO, Japan -- On a cloudless afternoon in this sleepy port city, an 11-year-old girl drenched in blood and clutching a box cutter walked into the lunchroom at her elementary school. Teachers and students froze, assuming the sixth-grader known for her lighthearted nature had gravely hurt herself -- but she quickly dispelled that impression, witnesses said, by uttering a few ...
1	NATO proclaims victory in BosniaSARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- When NATO forces first came to Bosnia nearly a decade ago, they lived in heavily guarded compounds, patrolled the streets in tanks, and often wore full body armor.
1	Koreans of mixed race tackle a prejudiceSEOUL -- For years, Lee Yu Jin kept her secret. Whenever anybody asked -- and they did all the time as her celebrity as an actress and model spread -- she simply denied the rumors. No, she was not a foreigner. She was Korean.
1	Venezuela Holds Referendum on PresidentCARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with the leftist leader hoping a huge turnout among the poor will keep him in power.    Activists on both sides set off fireworks and blared recordings of bugle music to wake voters hours before dawn, hoping for a flood of early votes in their favor...
1	Floridians Return to Storm-Ravaged HomesPUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task of sorting through the wreckage, and for some, starting over again...
1	Charley May Not Spike Insurance PremiumsMIAMI - Hurricane Charley probably will not cause Floridians' insurance premiums to skyrocket like 1992's Andrew, and fewer insurers should go bankrupt from paying out damages expected to reach the billions of dollars, state and industry officials said Saturday.    They say previous premium increases and overhauls made because of Andrew, the most expensive natural disaster in U.S...
1	Florida Residents Face Hurricane WreckagePUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task of sorting through the wreckage, and for some, starting over again...
1	Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 FreestyleATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries...
1	Venezuela Opposition Holds Recall VoteCARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with the leftist leader hoping a huge turnout among the poor will keep him in power.    Officials from around the world - including Pope John Paul II and U.S...
1	Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15NEW DELHI - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast on Sunday, killing at least 15 people, officials said, just an hour after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pledged to fight terrorism. The outlawed United Liberation Front of Asom was suspected of being behind the attack in Assam state and a second one later in the area, said Assam Inspector General of Police Khagen Sharma...
1	Memorial Service Held for Lori HackingOREM, Utah - Family and friends of Lori Hacking gathered Saturday for a memorial service to remember the woman whom authorities believe was slain by her husband while she slept.    About 600 people attended the service, including the parents of both Lori Hacking and her husband, Mark, who has been charged with her murder...
1	Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 FreestyleATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final.    Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries...
1	Pilgrims Crowd Field for Mass With PopeLOURDES, France - A frail Pope John Paul II celebrated an open-air Mass on Sunday as several hundred thousand pilgrims, many in wheelchairs, crowded onto a field near a French shrine to the Virgin Mary that is associated with miraculous cures of the sick.    The Mass was a highlight of the Pope's two-day visit to Lourdes, a town in the Pyrenees where Roman Catholic tradition says St...
1	Iraqi Troops to Take Lead in Fighting MilitiaIraq will send troops to Najaf to battle a Shiite Muslim militia after peace talks collapsed between the government and Moqtada Sadr.
1	High Stakes Showdown in NajafThe fallout from Shiites fighting U.S. Marines in a holy city could weaken Iraq's new government
1	Nearly 10 Million Afghans to Embrace Democracy (Reuters)Reuters - Thousands of U.S. troops in Afghanistan\may have failed to catch Osama bin Laden but they are credited\with encouraging millions of Afghans to register for the\country's historic election in October.
1	Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference (Reuters)Reuters - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting\where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly\Sunday, killing at least two people in a grim reminder of the\country's tortuous path toward democracy.
1	Conference Gives Iraq Democracy First Test (AP)AP - Despite the steady clang of mortar shells outside and persistent violence in the country, many delegates at the opening on Sunday of Iraq's National Conference held out hope that this first fragile taste of democracy would succeed.
1	Countries Run Drills for Panana Attack (AP)AP - The U.S. Coast Guard boarded the ship in the choppy Caribbean waters and began counting crew members, but the numbers did not match those given earlier.
1	Police push for surveillance fee on customers' phone, Internet bills (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's police chiefs propose a surcharge of about 25 cents on monthly telephone and Internet bills to cover the cost of tapping into the communications of terrorists and other criminals.
1	Bush should have tackled reform before naming CIA boss: lawmaker (AFP)AFP - The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee urged fellow lawmakers not to allow confirmation hearings on a new CIA director to derail efforts to overhaul US spy agencies.
1	Venezuelans Rush to Vote in Referendum on Chavez CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back his mandate to govern the world's  No. 5 oil exporter for the next two years.
1	TV: Iraqi Kidnappers of Iran Envoy Want POWs Freed TEHRAN (Reuters) - Kidnappers holding an Iranian diplomat  in Iraq will punish him within 48 hours if Iran does not  release 500 prisoners captured in its 1980-1988 war with Iraq,  Iranian state television said Sunday.
1	Nearly 10 Million Afghans to Embrace Democracy KABUL (Reuters) - Thousands of U.S. troops in Afghanistan  may have failed to catch Osama bin Laden but they are credited  with encouraging millions of Afghans to register for the  country's historic election in October.
1	Rebranded Liechtenstein Welcomes Fresh Prince VADUZ, Liechtenstein (Reuters) - The people of  Liechtenstein ushered in a new era Sunday as the tiny Alpine  principality welcomed a new ruler and sought to shed its image  as a haven for money launderers.
1	France marks the 'other D-Day'Two days of celebrations to honour the Allied veterans who liberated southern France near a climax.
1	Phish farewell attracts thousandsJam band Phish play their last gigs together at a special festival in the US which has attracted thousands of fans.
1	Iraq troops move angers S KoreansClashes with riot police erupt as thousands protest in Seoul against plans to send troops to help US-led forces in Iraq.
1	Bush Surveys Damage in Florida as Toll Is Expected to MountHurricane Charley - one of the most powerful storms in the nation's history - caused at least \$20 billion in damage in Florida alone.
1	Phelps, Rival Thorpe in 200M-Free SemisATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final.    Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries...
1	Pope Struggles Through Mass at LourdesLOURDES, France - A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle cures. The 84-year-old pontiff gasped, trembled and asked aides for help during the 2 1/2 hour service in sizzling heat...
1	Singh, Leonard in Final Pairing at PGAHAVEN, Wis. - Whistling Straits is suddenly the least of anyone's worries...
1	Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge NumbersCARACAS, Venezuela - Voters turned out in huge numbers Sunday to decide whether to keep populist President Hugo Chavez in power or oust him and his social revolution that critics say has sidelined the middle class and fueled tensions between rich and poor.    Activists on both sides set off huge firecrackers and played recorded bugle songs to wake voters hours before dawn...
1	Reservists Say War Makes Them Lose JobsWASHINGTON - Increasing numbers of National Guard and Reserve troops who have returned from war in Iraq and Afghanistan are encountering new battles with their civilian employers at home. Jobs were eliminated, benefits reduced and promotions forgotten...
1	Wildfire Sweeps by Old Calif. Mining TownREDDING, Calif. - A wind-fueled wildfire roared through an old mining town near Redding on Sunday, destroying 20 homes and forcing nearly 125 residents to flee, officials said...
1	Charley Damage Estimated at \$11 BillionPUNTA GORDA, Fla. - As Florida residents began sweeping up the wreckage left behind by Hurricane Charley, officials on Sunday estimated damages as high as \$11 billion for insured homes alone...
1	Parks Canada protest greets prime minister at closing of Acadian Congress (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - GRAND PRE, N.S. (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin was met with a silent protest Sunday as he attended the closing of the World Acadian Congress in Nova Scotia.
1	Palestinians in Israeli Jails Start Hunger Strike RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinian  prisoners in Israeli jails began a hunger strike for better  conditions on Sunday, but Israel's security minister said he  didn't care if they starved to death.
1	Frail Pope Ends Tiring Lourdes Pilgrimage LOURDES, France (Reuters) - Pope John Paul, a sick man  among the sick, wound up a emotional visit to this miracle  shrine Sunday and struggled with iron determination to finish a  sermon in order to encourage others suffering around him.
1	No Gold for Phelps As Relay Team FaltersATHENS, Greece - Mark Spitz can rest easy. The best Michael Phelps can do is win seven gold medals at these Olympics...
1	Dream Team Stunned by Puerto Rico 92-73ATHENS, Greece - In an upset that was as historic as it was inevitable, the U.S. men's basketball team lost for only the third time ever in the Olympics on Sunday, 92-73 to Puerto Rico...
1	Venezuelans Throng to Polls in Chavez Referendum CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back his mandate to govern the world's  No. 5 oil exporter for the next two years.
1	Pope Struggles Through Mass at Lourdes (AP)AP - A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle cures. The 84-year-old pontiff gasped, trembled and asked aides for help during the 2 1/2 hour service in sizzling heat.
1	Florida Starts Massive Hurricane CleanupPUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...
1	Nicky Hilton Marries in VegasLAS VEGAS - Hotel heiress Nicky Hilton married a New York money manager before dawn Sunday in an impromptu ceremony, according to court filings obtained by The Associated Press.    Hilton, 20, married Todd Andrew Meister, 33, at the Las Vegas Wedding Chapel, according a Clark County marriage license...
1	Election-Year Rate Hike Puzzles SomeWASHINGTON - Going against conventional wisdom, the Federal Reserve is raising interest rates in an election year. And it is Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, a Republican, who is leading the charge even though an incumbent Republican in the White House is facing voter unrest about the state of the economy...
1	Explosions Echo Throughout NajafNAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy...
1	Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge NumbersCARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and firecrackers, millions of Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether to force leftist President Hugo Chavez from office.    Lines snaked for blocks in upscale neighborhoods, where suspicion is high that the leftist leader plans a Cuba-style dictatorship, and in the slums, where support for his revolution for the poor is fervent...
1	Man Linked to N.J. Gov. Says He's StraightJERUSALEM - The Israeli man at the center of New Jersey Gov. James E...
1	Venezuela Oil Official Predicts Stability (AP)AP - Venezuela's oil industry will enter a new period of stability and growth after Sunday's referendum on Hugo Chavez's presidency, the president of the state-run oil company said Sunday.
1	Italy on alert after purported Al-Qaeda ultimatum expires (AFP)AFP - Italy was on high alert as a group linked to Al-Qaeda reportedly threatened to attack, singling out Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi as a target, after the expiry of a deadline for Rome to pull its troops out of Iraq.
1	Edwards Caps Intense Push in Iowa (AP)AP - Capping an intense 10-day competition for Iowa's seven electoral votes, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards accused the Bush administration on Sunday of being captured by drug and insurance interests at the expense of working families.
1	Two visions of Iraq struggle to take holdFighting in Najaf threatened to undermine a conference to choose a national assembly.
1	Millions Wait Hours in Venezuela to Vote in Recall ElectionThe unprecedented vote was sluggish as huge crowds lined up at voting booths. Results were not expected until 8 p.m., or later.
1	'Alien Vs. Predator' Smacks Down RivalsLOS ANGELES - Movie-goers were easy prey for a double dose of space invaders. The sci-fi smackdown Alien vs...
1	U.S. Men Stunned by Puerto Rico, 92-73ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on Sunday, only the third Olympic loss ever for America and its first since adding pros...
1	UN Weighs Situation in Burundi Following Massacre UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council met in  emergency session concerning Burundi on Sunday following the  massacre of more than 150 Tutsi Congolese refugees at a camp in  western Burundi.
1	Rwanda Troops Start AU Mission in Darfur (Reuters)Reuters - Rwandan troops arrived in\Darfur Sunday as the first foreign force there, mandated to\protect observers monitoring a shaky cease-fire between the\Sudanese government and rebels in the remote western region.
1	Rwanda Troops Start AU Mission in Darfur EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Rwandan troops arrived in  Darfur Sunday as the first foreign force there, mandated to  protect observers monitoring a shaky cease-fire between the  Sudanese government and rebels in the remote western region.
1	U.S. Soldiers Battle Shiites in NajafNAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy...
1	New U.N. Official Assumes Kosovo Control (AP)AP - The new U.N. administrator for Kosovo took control Sunday of the Serbian province, which has remained deeply divided along ethnic lines since the end of a 1999 war.
1	Venezuelans Line Up to Vote on ChavezCARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and the detonations of huge firecrackers, Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether to force leftist President Hugo Chavez from office.    Some lines at polling places extended for 1.25 miles, stunning even veteran election monitors...
1	Venezuela Voters Crowd Polls in Chavez Referendum CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back his mandate to govern the world's  No. 5 oil exporter for the next two years.
1	Device 'may aid kidney dialysis'Scientists are developing a device which could improve the lives of kidney dialysis patients.
1	U.S. Battles Shiites in Iraqi Holy City (AP)AP - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as delegates in Baghdad opened a conference meant to be a landmark in the country's movement toward democracy.
1	Rumsfeld Briefs Russia on Shift of ForcesWASHINGTON - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld briefed his Russian counterpart over the weekend on U.S. plans to shift its forces stationed around the globe, in some cases potentially bringing them closer to Russia's borders...
1	China's Panchen Lama visits TibetThe boy named by the Chinese authorities as the 11th Panchen Lama visits a temple in Tibet.
1	Bomb Kills 16 During Indian CelebrationA powerful bomb killed at least 16 people, many of them schoolchildren, and wounded about 40 others as they assembled for an Independence Day parade Sunday in the northeastern state of Assam, authorities said.
1	Rwandan troops arrive in Darfur as president vows force to protect civilians (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Dozens of Rwandan soldiers arrived in Sudan's troubled Darfur region Sunday, the first foreign armed force deployed in the area since Arab militiamen began a rampage against black African farmers, killing thousands.
1	Snow Storms Blanket Southern New Zealand (AP)AP - Snow storms isolated New Zealand's fourth biggest city of Dunedin on Monday, closing major roads, shutting schools and factories, and freezing newborn lambs.
1	Swimming showdownIan Thorpe and Michael Phelps will chase gold in the men's 200m freestyle on day three of the Olympics.
1	Puerto Rico Stuns Dream Team, 92-73ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on Sunday, only the third Olympic loss ever for America and its first since adding pros...
1	Iraqi Conference on Election Plan Sinks Into ChaosThe conference was thrown into disorder by delegates staging protests against the U.S.-led military operation in Najaf.
1	F.B.I. Goes Knocking for Political TroublemakersThe F.B.I. has been questioning demonstrators in an effort to forestall violent protests at the Republican National Convention.
1	Tropical Storm Earl Hits Caribbean IslesST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Tropical Storm Earl unleashed heavy rains and violent winds that felled trees and ripped off roofs Sunday in the eastern Caribbean, while hundreds of people sought refuge in shelters...
1	Report: Michael Jackson Not 'Manhandled'LOS ANGELES - The state attorney general's office has concluded that Michael Jackson was not manhandled by sheriff's deputies who took him into custody last year on child molestation charges, CBS News reported Sunday.    The findings were contained in a three-page letter Martin A...
1	Democrats Pressure McGreevey to Leave SoonTRENTON, N.J. - High-level New Jersey Democrats said Sunday that pressure is building among members of Gov...
1	Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane VictimsPUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...
1	South Korea Warns of Possible North Terrorism (Reuters)Reuters - North Korea is threatening to use\terrorism against the South, Seoul's intelligence agency said\in a rare public advisory on Monday, and warned South Korean\citizens in China and Southeast Asia to be on their guard.
1	Afghans Hail Chance for a ChoiceBAZARAK, Afghanistan&lt;br&gt;Like virtually every adult in this Panjshir Valley village, Rahmal Beg registered to vote weeks ago. Indeed, popular enthusiasm is so high for the Oct. 9 presidential election -- the first in Afghan history -- that thousands of people in the valley have reportedly...
1	Gas Prices Drop, but Increase ExpectedCAMARILLO, Calif. - Gas prices have dropped nearly 5 cents in the past three weeks with an increase in supply, but soaring crude oil prices could cause rates to rise again soon, an industry analyst said Sunday...
1	Report: U.S. to Approve Sale of Aegis Ships to Taiwan (Reuters)Reuters - The United States will announce the sale\of four Aegis missile-defense warships to Taiwan next year with\delivery likely to begin in 2011, a newspaper said on Monday.
1	Nikkei Down, Oil Worries Hit Exporters (Reuters)Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 1.66 percent by\midday on Monday, extending losses into a third day as another\surge in oil prices deepened worries about the global economic\impact and knocked down exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
1	Report: U.S. to Approve Sale of Aegis Ships to Taiwan TAIPEI (Reuters) - The United States will announce the sale  of four Aegis missile-defense warships to Taiwan next year with  delivery likely to begin in 2011, a newspaper said on Monday.
1	F.B.I. Goes Knocking for Political TroublemakersThe F.B.I. has been questioning demonstrators in an effort to forestall violent protests at the Republican convention.
1	Tibet's Second-Holiest Monk Makes Rare Lhasa Visit (Reuters)Reuters - Tibet's second-holiest monk, the Panchen\Lama, has visited Lhasa on a rare trip to the Himalayan region\by the living Buddha, whose selection in 1995 was marred by\controversy after the exiled Dalai Lama chose another boy.
1	Greek duo could miss drugs hearingKostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou may not be fit enough to attend the hearing into their missed drugs test.
1	Package prompts US embassy alertAn unidentified substance  sent to the US embassy in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur leads to a security scare.
1	Emergency defers Maldives debateA parliamentary session due to have begun on Monday in the Maldives has been postponed indefinitely.
1	Tigers reject Sri Lanka counter proposal to revive talks (AFP)AFP - Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels said they will spurn any new government proposals to revive peace talks not giving them self-rule as peacebroker Norway was set to try to jumpstart the negotiations.
1	Suspicious Powder Found at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Suspicious white powder has been  found in an envelope that arrived at the U.S. embassy in  Malaysia and three staff members quarantined, an embassy  official and police said on Monday.  A letter was delivered that had a suspicious powder in it,  said an embassy spokesman in Kuala Lumpur. The powder is being  sent for testing.
1	Chinese dig for villagers buried under landslides after deadly typhoon (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - SHANGHAI, China (AP) - Villagers in an eastern province dug with farm tools Monday to search for 24 people missing in massive landslides unleashed by Typhoon Rananim, which has already been blamed for 115 deaths and is the worst such storm to hit China in seven years.
1	Americans appear in Kabul trialThe second hearing in the trial of three Americans accused of torture and running a jail begins in Kabul.
1	Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike (Reuters)Reuters - Israel declared psychological war on\hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it\would barbecue meat outside their cells to try to break their\will.
1	Two Chinese salesman gunned down in Thailand's restive south (AFP)AFP - Two Chinese travelling salesmen have been gunned down in southern Thailand as part of separatist violence which has claimed more than 275 lives since the start of the year, officials said.
1	Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel declared psychological war on  hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it  would barbecue meat outside their cells to try to break their  will.
1	Sudan refugees report new attacksMore Sudanese refugees flee across the border into Chad following reports of renewed violence in the Darfur region.
1	Bomb at parade in India leaves 16 dead, 40 hurtNEW DELHI -- A powerful bomb killed at least 16 people, many of them schoolchildren, and wounded about 40 others as they assembled for an Independence Day parade yesterday in the northeastern state of Assam, authorities said.
1	Israeli speaks out on McGreeveyJERUSALEM -- The Israeli man at the center of the resignation of New Jersey's governor, James E. McGreevey, over a gay affair said in an interview published yesterday that he is straight and had no idea at first that his boss is homosexual.
1	France remembers WWII Riviera missionABOARD THE CHARLES DE GAULLE -- France yesterday honored soldiers, including tens of thousands of Africans, who staged an assault on the French Riviera 60 years ago to break the Nazi grip -- one of the least-remembered military operations of World War II.
1	Pope struggles at shrine MassLOURDES, France -- A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled yesterday through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle cures. The 84-year-old pontiff gasped, trembled, and asked aides for help during the 2-hour service in the sizzling heat.
1	Uncertainty as Venezuela Awaits Referendum Result CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Three Venezuelan government  ministers said on Monday President Hugo Chavez had easily  survived a referendum on whether to recall him but their  comments conflicted with heavy opposition hints they had won.
1	Chavez Wins Venezuela Referendum-Official Results (Reuters)Reuters - Venezuelan President Hugo\Chavez has survived a referendum to recall him, according to\results released by electoral authorities on Monday with 94\percent of the vote counted.
1	US embassy in Malaysia in 'anthrax scare' (AFP)AFP - Malaysian emergency services rushed to the tightly-guarded US embassy in Kuala Lumpur after a powder which police said could be anthrax was found in a letter.
1	Chavez Wins Venezuela Referendum-Preliminary Result CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo  Chavez has survived a referendum to recall him, according to  preliminary results released by the country's top electoral  officer on Monday.
1	Fighting rages in South OssetiaHeavy fighting erupts in Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region, shattering a two-day ceasefire.
1	Liechtenstein royals swap powerLiechtenstein's Prince Hans-Adam hands over power to his son and invites the whole nation to a garden party.
1	Venezuelan President Survives Recall VoteCARACAS, Venezuela - President Hugo Chavez appeared to have survived a popular referendum to oust him, according to early results Monday, while Venezuela's opposition swiftly claimed fraud.    Backers of the leftist populist president set off fireworks and began celebrating in the streets of the capital in the pre-dawn darkness upon hearing the news from Francisco Carrasquero, president of the National Elections Council...
1	Rescue Teams Aid Hurricane Charley VictimsPUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops were scattered across Florida to help residents rally from the brunt of Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the state in a dozen years...
1	Journalist, Translator Missing in Iraq (AP)AP - A French-American journalist has disappeared along with his Iraqi translator in the southern Iraqi city of Nasiriyah, the provincial deputy governor said Monday.
1	Prudential drops bid for S.Korean assest managing firm (AFP)AFP - A consortium led by British insurer Prudential PLC has dropped its bid for a major South Korean state asset managing company.
1	Bush Plans to Withdraw Troops From Abroad (AP)AP - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in Iraq and Afghanistan.
1	Pair tell of 'Falconio' sightingTwo witnesses tell an Australian court they saw UK backpacker Peter Falconio more than a week after he disappeared.
1	Mass. Republicans Eye Kerry's Senate Seat (AP)AP - Massachusetts Republicans, while supportive of President Bush's re-election, are mindful of the opportunity created should John Kerry beat him in November's election: the state's first Senate vacancy in two decades and a chance to break the Democratic monopoly on its 12-member delegation in Congress.
1	Panchen Lama Visits Tibet Capital (AP)AP - The boy chosen by the Chinese government as the reincarnation of the Panchen Lama was greeted warmly by dozens of monks when he visited Tibet's most sacred temple, state television reported, giving rare publicity to one of his appearances.
1	Palestinian Prisoners Launch Hunger StrikeJERUSALEM - More than a thousand Palestinian prisoners went on a hunger strike to press for better conditions, but Israel responded by tightening inmate restrictions, and a Cabinet minister said he wouldn't care if they starved to death.    About 1,600 prisoners struck on Sunday...
1	Ex-Chess Champion Fischer to Marry Japanese Woman TOKYO (Reuters) - In a bold gambit worthy of the chess  champion he once was, Bobby Fischer plans to wed a four-time  Japan great in the hope of avoiding deportation home to the  United States, where he is wanted for breaking sanctions.
1	Pakistan still supporting Kashmiri rebels: Indian Home Ministry (AFP)AFP - Pakistan continues to support Islamic insurgency in Kashmir and will use militant attacks to influence ongoing peace talks with rival India, India's Home Ministry said in its annual report.
1	Britain 'sleepwalking' into big-brother state, watchdog warns (AFP)AFP - Britain is sleepwalking into a surveillance society because of government plans to introduce ID cards and a population register, the nation's information watchdog was quoted as saying.
1	India urges Bangladesh not to kill stray elephants (Reuters)Reuters - Authorities in northeast India urged Bangladesh on Monday not to kill about 100 wild elephants that have strayed across the border and gone on a rampage, killing 13 people and injuring dozens more.
1	Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel declared psychological war on  hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners Monday, saying it would  barbecue meat outside their cells to try to break their will.
1	Chavez Claims Victory in Referendum on His RuleVenezuelan President Hugo Chavez won backing from 58 percent of voters, with 94 percent of electoral rolls counted, in a referendum on whether to recall him.
1	Olympian on Briton death chargeAn Olympic sailor is charged with the manslaughter of a Briton who died after being hit by a car in Athens.
1	Darfur Displaced Return to 'Live in Fear' of Militia (Reuters)Reuters - Villagers returning to their\homes in Sudan's Darfur region are living in fear of the Arab\militiamen who initially drove them away, the United Nations\said in a report received by Reuters Monday.
1	Sudan Trying to Keep Darfur Promises-U.N. (Reuters)Reuters - Raids by Sudanese forces and Arab\militiamen have worsened a desperate situation in Darfur,\rights groups say, but the United Nations said Khartoum was\making serious efforts to keep pledges to curb the violence.
1	Darfur Displaced Return to 'Live in Fear' of Militia KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Villagers returning to their  homes in Sudan's Darfur region are living in fear of the Arab  militiamen who initially drove them away, the United Nations  said in a report received by Reuters Monday.
2	Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle (AP)AP - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries.
2	Reds Knock Padres Out of Wild-Card Lead (AP)AP - Wily Mo Pena homered twice and drove in four runs, helping the Cincinnati Reds beat the San Diego Padres 11-5 on Saturday night. San Diego was knocked out of a share of the NL wild-card lead with the loss and Chicago's victory over Los Angeles earlier in the day.
2	Dreaming done, NBA stars awaken to harsh Olympic reality (AFP)AFP - National Basketball Association players trying to win a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal for the United States have gotten the wake-up call that the Dream Team days are done even if supporters have not.
2	Indians Beat Twins 7-1, Nearing AL Lead (AP)AP - The Cleveland Indians pulled within one game of the AL Central lead, scoring four runs in the first inning and beating the Minnesota Twins 7-1 Saturday night behind home runs by Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez.
2	Galaxy, Crew Play to 0-0 Tie (AP)AP - Kevin Hartman made seven saves for Los Angeles, and Jon Busch had two saves for Columbus as the Galaxy and Crew played to a 0-0 tie Saturday night.
2	USC Begins Season Where It Ended, at No. 1 (AP)AP - Southern California will begin defense of its first national title in 31 years as the No. 1 team in the nation. The Trojans earned the top spot in the preseason Associated Press poll released Saturday by receiving 48 of 65 first-place votes and 1,603 points.
2	Italy's Pennetta Wins Idea Prokom Open (AP)AP - Italy's Flavia Pennetta won the Idea Prokom Open for her first WTA Tour title, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 7-5, 3-6, 6-3 Saturday after French Open champion Anastasia Myskina withdrew before the semifinals because of a rib injury.
2	Tough Race Ahead for Swimmer Phelps ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, his first gold medal  safely gathered in, eased through the next phase of his  monumental Olympic challenge in the heats of the 200 meters  freestyle Sunday but the immensity of the task ahead was clear.
2	Iranian Will Not Meet Israeli in Olympics Due to Weight ATHENS (Reuters) - A diplomatic wrangle of Olympic  proportions was avoided Sunday when Iranian world judo champion  Arash Miresmaeili failed to make the weight for his clash with  an Israeli opponent.
2	Tiger Runs Out of Steam After Storming Start KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Tiger Woods failed to make  the most of a red-hot start in the U.S. PGA Championship third  round on Saturday, having to settle for a three-under-par 69.
2	Colander Misses Chance to Emulate Jones ATHENS (Reuters) - But for a decision that enraged her  coach, LaTasha Colander might have been the Marion Jones of the  Athens Olympics.
2	AL Wrap: Olerud Cheers Yankees by Sinking Ex-Team NEW YORK (Reuters) - John Olerud sunk his former team by  recording a two-run single in the eighth inning to drive in the  go-ahead runs which earned the New York Yankees a 6-4 win over  the host Seattle Mariners in the American League Saturday.
2	NL Wrap: Jones Homers Twice as Braves Down Cards NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones cracked two homers and  Julio Franco's two-run double in the seventh inning drove in  the winning runs as the streaking Atlanta Braves downed the St.  Louis Cardinals 9-7 in the National League Saturday.
2	Olympics-Doping-Greek Media Put Country's Honor Above Athletes ATHENS (Reuters) - The honor of Greece lies above  individual athletes and no backstage antics should compromise  it, Greek media said Sunday, after the country's top athletes  were suspended from the team under a cloud of doping suspicion.
2	Olympics-Rowing-U.S. Eight Beats Canada to Set World Best Time ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat Canada in a world  best time to qualify for the final of the men's Olympic eights  race Sunday, as the two crews renewed their fierce rivalry in  front of a raucous crowd at Schinias.
2	Singh Leads, but Leonard Is FollowingAvoiding the late trouble that knocked other contenders off track, Vijay Singh held a one-stroke lead over Justin Leonard heading into the final round of the P.G.A. Championship.
2	Olerud Bails Out Loaiza in His Latest Bungled AuditionJohn Olerud reveled in his return to Safeco Field by slapping a two-run single that lifted the Yankees and saved Esteban Loaiza from a defeat.
2	Family circleFamily Day in the Fens means fun and games to most folks. Players toddle around the bases with wide-eyed kids. Mothers beam. Children smile. All is bliss on the sun-splashed emerald lawn.
2	NotablesThe Yankees' Alex Rodriguez , who missed Friday night's game with the flu and stayed back at the team hotel yesterday, dropped his appeal of a four-game suspension issued for his involvement in the July 24 brawl at Boston and began serving the penalty. He won't be eligible to play until Thursday at Minnesota.
2	Cubs get delivery from WoodKerry Wood homered and allowed four hits in eight innings, leading the Chicago Cubs over the visiting Los Angeles Dodgers, 2-0, yesterday.
2	Leskanic winning arms raceWith Scott Williamson bracing for a potentially grim diagnosis of his latest elbow injury, the Red Sox last night appeared poised to move on without him as Curtis Leskanic inched closer to rejoining the club. The Sox initially indicated they would make an announcement last night on Williamson's injury but changed their position during the first inning of the game ...
2	Rehabbing his careerPlayer introductions at the final Citizens Bank Summer Caravan stop produced an awkward moment. Walter McCarty and Raef LaFrentz were the featured guests for the free basketball clinic at the Cambridge Family YMCA late last week. McCarty's presence yielded chants of  quot;Walter, Walter quot; from the crowd of 125 kids. LaFrentz left the young fans wondering,  quot;Who is he? quot; The projected ...
2	Warmer and wilderHAVEN, Wis. -- Perched high on the bluffs overlooking Lake Michigan, Whistling Straits is a massive, windswept landscape, as large a golf course as \$40 million can buy. It is complete with sand dunes that could double as ski slopes and deep bunkers that should require elevators.
2	Greek runners are suspendedATHENS -- Star sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were suspended yesterday from the Greek Olympic team for missing drug tests, but their fate was left in the hands of the International Olympic Committee.
2	Throwbacks: Gannon, Collins in good formRich Gannon , the 2002 NFL MVP who was knocked out of the Raiders' loss to Kansas City last Oct. 20 and had shoulder surgery in November, was 9 for 15 for 69 yards in visiting Oakland's 33-30 exhibition win over the San Francisco 49ers last night.
2	Enough to make you flipFriday night came as close to an old-time local battle for viewers among Channels 4, 5, and 7 as we're likely to see. It was a throwback to pre-cable, pre-dish, and even pre-UHF days as the three local  quot;originals quot; served up a special night of sports programming. Although Red Sox-White Sox was on Channel 4's  quot;sister quot; station, Channel 38, it ...
2	For Revolution, this tie looks goodWASHINGTON -- Rookie Andy Dorman didn't even have time to get his white, long-sleeved jersey smudged on the sloppy RFK Stadium field last night before salvaging a 2-2 tie for the Revolution against D.C. United. Fifty-five seconds after entering the game as a late substitute, Dorman buried a low shot from inside the penalty area and extended his team's unbeaten ...
2	Sing Me Back Home matches track markOCEANPORT, N.J. -- Sing Me Back Home pulled away in the stretch to win the \$60,000 Decathalon Handicap at Monmouth Park yesterday, equaling the track record for 5 furlongs.
2	Haas in fine formHAVEN, Wis. -- If he were acting his age, Jay Haas would have had the weekend off, resting on his laurels and reaping the benefits of the nice-and-easy Champions Tour.
2	USC starts at the topSouthern California greeted news of its first preseason No. 1 ranking since 1979 with ambivalence.
2	'Gardening' costs Appleby -- in spadesHAVEN, Wis. -- For 18 holes, Stuart Appleby played flawless golf in yesterday's third round, four birdies and 14 pars. It wasn't until he was done playing that he discovered that it wasn't as good a day as he had thought, that he had made a quadruple bogey.
2	Hungarian GP, QualifyingFifth and ninth for Fernando and Jarno following qualifying for tomorrow's Hungarian Grand Prix.
2	Budapest, Free Practice 3 and 4: A tight battle in storeThe teams have just finished their final preparations for the race and qualifying, in much lower temperatures than yesterday.
2	Overtaking at Budapest? Its possibleThe Renault F1 Team drivers explain how you can make up positions at the Hungarian circuit.
2	Budapest, Day 1: everythings on trackThe Renault F1 Team ran through its programme without worrying about the timesheets or its rivals. The focus has been on Sundays race, not Fridays glory.
2	Hungarian GP, Friday Round-UpFernando tenth and Jarno seventeenth but no cause for concern, while Pat Symonds explains the challenges of Fridays at the race.
2	Redskins Get the BootA fourth-quarter lead proves fleeting for the Redskins as John Kasay hits a 52-yard field goal Saturday to give the Panthers a 23-20 overtime win.
2	Trojans Open Up No. 1Defending national champion USC begins the 2004 season right where it left off the year before - as the top ranked team in the AP Top 25 poll.
2	Offense Needs WorkThere were few offensive highlights during Virginia Tech's first scrimmage of fall practice on Saturday.
2	Huey Exits EarlyTreat Huey, the two-time All-Met Player of the year, suffered a 6-2, 6-0 loss to 29-year-old journeyman Mashiska Washington, the younger brother of former pro and 1996 Wimbledon finalist Malivai.
2	True Sensation Wins A Wet One at PimlicoBALTIMORE, Aug. 14 -- Even before Hurricane Charley ranged up the East Coast and began to drop its drizzle on Pimlico Race Course, the \$75,000 All Brandy Stakes for Maryland-bred fillies and mares had been taken off the track's beat-up turf course.
2	Lynx Infielder Fontenot Has 'Pretty Good Pop for His Size'At 5 feet 8, 160 pounds, second baseman Mike Fontenot looks more like the Class AAA Ottawa Lynx's batboy than one of the Baltimore Orioles' top prospects.
2	Australia, U.S. Set RecordThe U.S. women's and men's eights team both set world bests in the Olympic rowing competition Sunday along with Australian pair Sally Newmarch and Amber Halliday.
2	Phelps On Relay TeamMichael Phelps is named to the 4x100-meter freestyle relay team that will compete in Sunday's final, keeping alive his quest for a possible eight Olympic gold medals.
2	Kobe Bryant Due Back in Court Monday (AP)AP - With Kobe Bryant's sexual assault trial scheduled to begin in less than two weeks, speculation is mounting that prosecutors are looking for a way to dismiss the charge after a series of setbacks.
2	Rangers Designate Bacsik for Assignment (AP)AP - Pitcher Mike Bacsik was designated for assignment by the Texas Rangers on Sunday after going 1-1 with a 4.60 ERA in three starts.
2	Arsenal Beats Everton to Extend Streak (AP)AP - Arsenal opened its defense of its English title with a 4-1 win at Everton on Sunday, making it 41 straight games without a loss in the Premier League.
2	Nadal Wins in Poland for First ATP Title (AP)AP - Spain's Rafael Nadal won his first ATP singles title Sunday, beating Argentina's Jose Acasuso 6-3, 6-4 in the final at the Idea Prokom Open.
2	Zahringer Leads Field at U.S. Amateur (AP)AP - George Zahringer III is back for another shot at the U.S. Amateur. The New Yorker is one of three returning quarterfinalists for the tournament, which begins Monday at the Winged Foot Golf Club. Lee Williams of Alexander City, Ala., and Patrick Carter of Lesage, W.Va., complete the trio from last year's championship that was won by Nick Flanagan of Australia.
2	Pau Edges Yao in Clash of the Giants ATHENS (Reuters) - Spain's Pau Gasol got the better of  China's Yao Ming in Olympic basketball's own clash of the  giants Sunday.
2	Hamilton Sets Early Pace as Woods Struggles KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - British Open champion Todd  Hamilton made the first significant move in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round Sunday as overnight pacesetter Vijay  Singh prepared for an afternoon tee-off.
2	Iran Defies Olympic Spirit by Shunning Israel ATHENS (Reuters) - Iran's world judo champion Arash  Miresmaeili refused to compete against an Israeli Sunday,  triggering a fresh crisis at the Olympic Games where race,  creed or color are barred from interfering in sport.
2	U.S. Softball Team Puts Australia in Its Place ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States kept itself firmly on  course for a third straight Olympic softball gold medal when it  thrashed Australia 10-0 Sunday.
2	Schumacher Triumphs as Ferrari Clinches Title BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a sixth successive constructors' title.
2	US NBA players become the Nightmare Team after epic loss (AFP)AFP - Call them the Nightmare Team.
2	Report: Roenick Paid for Betting Tips (AP)AP - Flyers star Jeremy Roenick paid more than  #36;100,000 to a Florida firm that made millions selling betting tips to gamblers, law enforcement officials told The Philadelphia Inquirer.
2	U.S. Basketball Team Loses to Puerto Rico ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States lost their first  basketball match at the Olympics since 1988 on Sunday when  Puerto Rico gave them a shock 92-73 trouncing.
2	South Africa Ends Phelps Medal Quest ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals at the Athens  Olympics with a stunning victory in the men's 4x100 meters  freestyle final on Sunday.
2	Iran Snub to Israel Challenges IOC ATHENS (Reuters) - Iran defied the Olympic spirit on Sunday  by refusing to contest a judo bout with an Israeli at the  Athens Games, making no effort to hide the fact it was putting  solidarity with the Palestinians before gold medals.
2	Romanian Gymnasts Edge Ahead of U.S. Women ATHENS (Reuters) - Daniela Sofronie displayed all her  athleticism to edge Romania ahead of the United States in the  Olympic women's gymnastics team qualifying Sunday.
2	Roenick Paid for Betting TipsFlyers center Jeremy Roenick paid more than \$100,000 to a Florida firm that made millions selling betting tips to gamblers, law enforcement officials told The Philadelphia Inquirer.
2	Roddick, Venus, Navratilova Win Openers (AP)AP - Bothered more by the wind and her wrist wrap than her opponent, defending gold medalist Venus Williams overpowered Melinda Czink of Hungary 6-1, 6-2 in the opening match of the Athens Games' tennis tournament. Andy Roddick made his Olympic debut with a 6-3, 7-6 (4) victory over Flavio Saretta of Brazil, swatting 12 aces and 16 service winners.
2	American Duo Wins Opening Beach Volleyball Match ATHENS (Reuters) - American Misty May gave team mate Kerri  Walsh an ideal 26th birthday present with an easy victory over  Japan in their opening match of the Olympics beach volleyball  tournament on Sunday.
2	Puerto Rico Upsets United States MenThe United States men's basketball team lost to Puerto Rico, 92-73. The loss could put the American gold medal hopes in jeopardy.
2	Schumacher Triumphs as Ferrari Seals Formula One Title BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a sixth successive constructors' title.
2	Nicholls State Fires Football Coach (AP)AP - Nicholls State football coach Daryl Daye was fired Sunday over accusations of academic fraud involving players and an assistant coach. Daye was not implicated in the alleged fraud, but an investigation found he failed to maintain proper controls of the assistant, the Southland Conference school said.
2	Iraq Reaches Olympic Soccer Quarterfinals ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's fairytale Olympic run continued  on Sunday when they beat Costa Rica 2-0 to reach the  quarter-finals of the Athens Games.
2	No Gold for Phelps as Relay Team FaltersSouth Africa won the gold medal Sunday in the men's 400-meter freestyle relay with a world-record time of 3 minutes 13.17 seconds.
2	O's Beat Blue Jays With Eight-Run Eighth (AP)AP - David Newhan tied a career high with four hits, including a go-ahead double in Baltimore's eight-run eighth inning, and the Orioles rallied for an 11-7 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Sunday.
2	Giants Top Phillies 3-1 to Finish Sweep (AP)AP - Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month and helped San Francisco complete a three-game sweep of the Philadelphia Phillies with a 3-1 victory Sunday.
2	South Africa Ends Phelps' Gold Medal Quest ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals in a dramatic and  controversial day of swimming at the Athens Olympics on Sunday.
2	Johnson Helps D - Backs End Nine - Game SlideNEW YORK (AP) -- Randy Johnson took a four-hitter into the ninth inning to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game losing streak Sunday, beating Steve Trachsel and the New York Mets 2-0.
2	Perry Out for SeasonEagles running back Bruce Perry will miss his rookie season after dislocating a shoulder in an exhibition game against the New England Patriots.
2	Leonard Forges Two Clear with Nine to Play at PGA KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - American Justin Leonard  stayed on track for his second major title in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round on Sunday, moving two shots clear with  nine holes to play.
2	49ers' Beasley Could Miss Several Weeks (AP)AP - Fullback Fred Beasley could be sidelined until the 49ers' season opener Sept. 12 against the Atlanta Falcons with a high left ankle sprain.
2	Dodgers Rally in 8th to Defeat Cubs 8-5 (AP)AP - Adrian Beltre and Shawn Green homered, and Steve Finley hit a go-ahead RBI single in the eighth inning as the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for an 8-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday.
2	Teen Is First Black National USTA Champion (AP)AP - Scoville Jenkins, a 17-year-old from Atlanta, became the first black to win the 18s singles championship of the U.S. Tennis Association Boys Nationals.
2	Marlins Beat Brewers 5-3 in 10 Innings (AP)AP - Luis Castillo tied the score with a ninth-inning single, and pinch-hitter Damion Easley hit a two-run double in the 10th inning that led the Florida Marlins over the Milwaukee Brewers 5-3 Sunday.
2	NL Wrap: Johnson Fans 14 Mets as Arizona Snaps Slide (Reuters)Reuters - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in\8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game\losing streak with a 2-0 win over the New York Mets on Sunday.
2	NL Wrap: Johnson Fans 14 Mets as Arizona Snaps Slide NEW YORK (Reuters) - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in  8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game  losing streak with a 2-0 win over the New York Mets on Sunday.
2	AL Wrap: Koskie Slugs Homer in 10th as Twins Edge Indians NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer  in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold  on to first place in the American League Central with a 4-2  road win over the Cleveland Indians.
2	Whistling Straits Proves It's Major LeagueWhistling Straits has received magnificent reviews during the P.G.A. Championship, which is currently in a three-man playoff between Justin Leonard, Vijay Singh and Chris DiMarco.
2	Puerto Rico Stuns U.S. in Opening RoundPuerto Rico upsets the United States, 92-73, at the men's basketball preliminaries on Sunday, the first loss at the Games for the three-time defending gold medalists since 1988.
2	Monday MorningThe regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
2	Homer Sinks IndiansCorey Koskie hit a two-run homer in the 10th inning as the Twins overcame a two-run deficit for a 4-2 win Sunday, giving them a two-game lead over the second-place Indians.
2	Despite Setbacks, Stahl Maintains Healthy Dose of OptimismAt 23, pitcher Richard Stahl knows there's still time to impress the Baltimore Orioles' front office. He just needs to stay on the mound long enough.
2	AL Wrap: Koskie Slugs Homer in 10th as Twins Edge Indians (Reuters)Reuters - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer\in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold\on to first place in the American League Central with a 4-2\road win over the Cleveland Indians.
2	Singh Wins PGA Championship in Playoff (AP)AP - The only birdie Vijay Singh made all day was the only one that mattered. All but counted out of the PGA Championship with a putter that failed him, Singh took advantage of a late collapse by Justin Leonard to get into a three-way playoff Sunday at Whistling Straits, then made the only birdie over the three extra holes to win the final major of the year.
2	Singh Snares PGA TitleVijay Singh outlasts Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in a three-way playoff to win the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wisconsin.
2	DiMarco, Riley Play Way Into Ryder Cup (AP)AP - Chris DiMarco and Chris Riley faced knee-knocking pressure in the last round of the PGA Championship. And what did they get for their efforts? More of the same. DiMarco and Riley played themselves into the pressure-packed Ryder Cup with their performances Sunday in the year's final major. DiMarco finished second after a three-man, three-hole playoff and Riley was fourth  #151; good enough to knock Jay Haas and Steve Flesch out of the top 10 in the Ryder Cup point standings.
2	Phelps' Quest to Win 8 Gold Medals Ends (AP)AP - Michael Phelps surely didn't bargain for this. His quest to win eight gold medals is over, doomed by America's worst showing in the 400-meter freestyle relay. Gary Hall Jr. is ticked off. And now comes the toughest race of all against Ian Thorpe. Not exactly what Phelps had in mind when he decided to challenge Mark Spitz.
2	Nhleko Scores As Burn Beat MetroStars 1-0 (AP)AP - Reserve forward Toni Nhleko knocked in a header one minute into stoppage time, leading the Dallas Burn to a 1-0 victory over the first-place MetroStars on Sunday.
2	Woods Comes Up Empty, but Still No. 1 (AP)AP - Tiger Woods came up empty in a major again, but he's still the No. 1 ranked player in the world.
2	Tennessee Tech's Worrell Extends Contract (AP)AP - Longtime Tennessee Tech women's basketball coach Bill Worrell has agreed to a new three-year contract with the option for three more years, the school announced Sunday.
2	Brad Ott Gets First Nationwide Victory (AP)AP - Brad Ott shot an 8-under 64 on Sunday to win the Nationwide Tour's Price Cutter Charity Championship for his first Nationwide victory.
2	Scrimmage Gets UglyRalph Friedgen used a four-letter word to describe his Maryland team's offensive performance in Sunday's practice: blah.
2	Schumacher Sets MarkMichael Schumacher won the Hungarian Grand Prix Sunday in Budapest, setting yet another record by becoming the first Formula One driver with 12 victories in a season.
2	Business Is BusinessWhen it comes to qualifying for the main draw of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, Robert Kendrick knows that survival takes precedence and friendships are put on hold.
2	Falcons' Kerney Sprains Knee in Practice (AP)AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive end Patrick Kerney sprained his right knee in practice on Sunday when a lineman rolled on his leg.
2	McGahee Helps Bills Beat Broncos 16-6 (AP)AP - This is what everyone was waiting for from Willis McGahee. After 19 months of recuperation and countless questions about the strength of his left knee, the Buffalo Bills running back finally provided some answers. McGahee had the go-ahead score on a 1-yard run in his NFL preseason debut, helping the Bills to a 16-6 win over the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
2	Singh Wins Playoff and P.G.A. TitleSeveral players outplayed Vijay Singh on Sunday, but nobody outlasted him at the 86th P.G.A. Championship.
2	Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career.
2	Funk Still Gets Cup SpotThough Fred Funk had been rather morose after missing the cut by a stroke in the 86th PGA Championship on Friday, there was great joy on Sunday.
2	Unseeded Vaidisova Wins Vancouver Open (AP)AP - Unseeded teenager Nicole Vaidisova defeated American Laura Granville 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 in the final of the Vancouver Open on Sunday.
2	Cardinals Ride RolenScott Rolen homered twice to become the first NL player to reach 100 RBIs this season as the St. Louis Cardinals downed the Atlanta Braves, 10-4, on Sunday night.
2	Braves Hum AlongBraves General Manager John Schuerholz shuffled his deck more than usual this past offseason so doubts were high. Such a challenge makes this season all the sweeter.
2	DiMarco, Riley Get on Ryder Cup Team (AP)AP - Hal Sutton had a good idea what kind of U.S. team he would take to the Ryder Cup. All that changed in the final round of the PGA Championship.
2	Paint it bleakIf the Rolling Stones were hired to write the theme song for this year's Red Sox, the group might overhaul one of their classics. Instead of  quot;Satisfaction, quot; they could go with  quot;Separation. quot; That's because no matter how hard they try, the Sox can't get no separation in their quest for the top spot in the wild-card race.
2	He #146;s not short on confidenceIt's a case he could have made more convincingly with something other than a half-swing tapper to the pitcher for the final out of yet another in a seemingly endless series of one-run losses for the Red Sox. But Orlando Cabrera wants fans to believe this: For all the futile swings he has made in his two-week incarnation as a ...
2	Pronger opts out of World CupNames Chris Pronger of the St. Louis Blues pulled out of the World Cup of Hockey yesterday with an undisclosed injury, and was replaced on the Canadian team by Jay Bouwmeester of the Florida Panthers. Pronger's decision comes less than a week before the Canadian team opens training camp. The team will practice for the first time Friday in Ottawa. ...
2	Giants finish off PhilliesBrett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month, and the San Francisco Giants closed in on the wild-card lead with a 3-1 victory over the Phillies yesterday in Philadelphia, completing a three-game sweep.
2	Texas goes wildThe Red Sox have company atop the wild-card standings. In Arlington, Texas, Laynce Nix homered and drove in three runs, including a tiebreaking sacrifice fly, and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 6-2, yesterday to sweep the three-game series.
2	49ers #146; Beasley out till openerThe cheers went up the instant Willis McGahee took the field. How's that for pressure?
2	At least Light #146;s sense of humor still intactFOXBOROUGH -- Matt Light lost his appendix this summer and, as a result, quite a few pounds, but he didn't lose one ounce of his wit.
2	Dorman #146;s been dandy of lateRevolution coach Steve Nicol is not taking credit for the emergence of Andy Dorman. But Nicol's tactical moves helped place Dorman in a position to score his first two goals as a professional, in the final seconds of a 3-0 win at Dallas Wednesday and on his first touch of Saturday night's game at D.C. United for the Revolution's second ...
2	They flocked from GamesATHENS -- During yesterday's celebration of the assumption of the Virgin Mary, the Greek orthodox clergy had a stern reminder for the organizers of the Olympic Games: No matter what the advertisements and speeches say about Greece's modern, Western orientation, this country is still the domain of its decidedly traditional, ubiquitous state-sanctioned religion. Speaking over the Byzantine chants of a ...
2	Ginobili gives Argentina big lift at the buzzerManu Ginobili's off-balance shot left his hand just a split-second before the final buzzer, dropping through the basket to give Argentina an 83-82 victory over Serbia-Montenegro yesterday on the first day of Olympic men's basketball in Athens.
2	Stewart spoils upset bidSports car ace Ron Fellows nearly pulled off what arguably would have been the biggest upset in NASCAR history, finishing second after starting last yesterday at Watkins Glen (N.Y.) International.
2	US eights glide to finals in record timesThe US men's and women's eights pulled off huge victories in yesterday's Olympic rowing heats, each setting world bests to advance directly to Sunday's finals.
2	Phelps #146;s quest for 8 golds goes underATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in the 100-meter butterfly. Then world record-holder Brendan Hansen was caught by Japan's Kosuke Kitajima in the 100 breaststroke. Finally, the men's 4 x 100 freestyle relay finished third behind South Africa and the ...
2	Azevedo shot does trickTony Azevedo whizzed a last-second shot past Croatian goalkeeper Frano Vican to give the American water polo team a 7-6 victory in its tournament opener yesterday.
2	US team kicks over this resultATHENS -- Did Japan's Kosuke Kitajima break the rules when he beat world record-holder Brendan Hansen by 17-100ths of a second in yesterday's Olympic 100-meter breaststroke? Absolutely, insisted Hansen's US teammates, who claimed Kitajima routinely uses the illegal dolphin kick.
2	Clout shown in routATHENS -- When the Olympic softball schedule was released, Lisa Fernandez grabbed a marker and began counting down the days.  quot;This game is always on my calendar, quot; she said.  quot;I have a tremendous history with Australia. quot; And until yesterday, mostly a haunting one.
2	Punching his way forwardATHENS -- There's only room for one Cinderella in a boxing ring. That was the sad lesson Andre Berto learned last night as his long road to the Olympic Games came to an abrupt end at the Peristeri Boxing Hall in his first fight in the welterweight division. First fight, that is, unless you understand what it took for him ...
2	Phelps, Thorpe Face Dutch Threat ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, one gold won but one of  his eight title chances now lost, takes on Ian Thorpe and  Pieter van den Hoogenband in their long-awaited showdown in the  200 meters freestyle final on Monday.
2	Twins Rally to Beat Indians in 10 Innings (AP)AP - The Minnesota Twins left Cleveland clinging to first place in the AL Central  #151; and already looking ahead to their next showdown with the surprising Indians.
2	Doping-Greek Sprint Duo's Hearing Postponed ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  when a disciplinary hearing investigating their missed drugs  tests was adjourned until Wednesday.
2	Doping Probe of Greeks Staggers Toward Farce ATHENS (Reuters) - A doping probe that has dogged the host  country's Olympic Games staggered toward farce on Monday when a  hearing involving Greece's two top sprinters was postponed  again.
2	Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career.
2	Williams Has No Problem Running with Jones ATHENS (Reuters) - American sprinter Lauryn Williams said  on Monday she would have no problem competing on the same team  as Marion Jones in the Olympic 4x100 meters relay.
2	Moya Tames Olympic Wind and Enqvist; Dementieva Out ATHENS (Reuters) - Spanish third seed Carlos Moya tamed a  swirling wind and dogged Swedish opponent Thomas Enqvist to  reach the second round of the Olympic men's singles with a 7-6,  6-7, 9-7 victory Monday.
2	U.S. Tries to Rebound From Loss in Athens (AP)AP - Greetings from the Olympic men's basketball tournament, where America is tied for last place with Angola, Australia, New Zealand, China and the defending world champions from Serbia-Montenegro.
2	Czech Coach Hlinka Dies in Car Accident (AP)AP - Czech Republic national ice hockey team coach, and former Pittsburgh Penguins coach, Ivan Hlinka died Monday after sustaining serious injuries in a car crash, an official said.
2	Greek Sprinters Given Two-Day Reprieve ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  Monday so they could appear in person at a disciplinary hearing  into their missed drugs tests and protest their innocence.
2	Patriots Sign First-Round Pick Watson (AP)AP - The New England Patriots signed first-round draft pick Benjamin Watson on Monday, ending the tight end's lengthy holdout.
2	Haas, Cink Join Ryder Cup TeamJay Haas became the second-oldest player to be on the Ryder Cup team, joining Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks Monday for a U.S. team that will try to regain the cup from Europe next month.
2	American AphroditeBrooklyn-native Yvette Jarvis is an 'every woman' in Greece: professional basketball player, model, TV and talk show star and Athens councilwoman.
2	Edwards Appears for HearingU.S. sprinter Torri Edwards appeared for a hearing on her doping case that will determine whether the reigning 100-meter world champion competes in the Athens Games.
2	Bryant Defense Wins RulingIn another setback to the prosecution in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, the court maintains ruling that allows information about the accuser's sex life into court.
2	Escobedo Keeps U.S. Unbeaten in Boxing (AP)AP - They washed cars, put up posters and sold T-shirts to raise the money to be here. When it was finally time for Vicente Escobedo to fight, his family and friends welcomed him into the arena by waving his picture and chanting Chente, Chente.
2	Chronology of Key Events in Kobe Bryant (AP)AP - Timeline of the sexual assault case against Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant:
2	Blackhawks Re-Sign Defenseman Berard Chicago, Ill. (Sports Network) - The Chicago Blackhawks  Monday agreed to terms on a one-year contract with defenseman  Bryan Berard. As per team policy, financial terms of the deal  were not disclosed.
2	Patriots Sign Top Pick Watson (Reuters)Reuters - The New England Patriots\Monday announced the signing of first-round draft pick Benjamin\Watson. As per team policy, terms of the tight end's deal were\not released.
2	Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Fights Gold Gap ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States pursued China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.
2	Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Suffers Gold Gap ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States trailed China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.
2	Singh Growing Hall of Fame Credentials (AP)AP - An official from the World Golf Hall of Fame joined a casual conversation last year about players on the verge of election, and someone mentioned Vijay Singh.
2	Former Super Flyweight Champion Quiroga Found Dead SAN ANTONIO, Texas (Reuters) - Former International Boxing  Federation (IBF) super flyweight champion Robert Quiroga was  killed early Monday, police said.
2	Olympics: Thorpe Wins 'Race of the Century' ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Ian Thorpe won the gold  medal in the men's 200 meters freestyle, dubbed the race of  the century, at the Athens Olympics on Monday.
2	Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Looks Set to Go Ahead (Reuters)Reuters - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape\case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's\highest court ruled against prosecutors on Monday over a key\piece of evidence in the high-profile case.
2	White Sox Manager Suspended Two Games (AP)AP - Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was suspended Monday for two games and fined an undisclosed amount for arguing with umpires during an Aug. 9 game against Cleveland.
2	Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Looks Set to Go Ahead EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape  case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's  highest court ruled against prosecutors on Monday over a key  piece of evidence in the high-profile case.
2	Despondent Brown: 'I Feel Like a Failure' (AP)AP - Larry Brown was despondent, the head of the U.S. selection committee was defensive, and Allen Iverson was hanging up on callers who asked what went wrong. A day after their first Olympic loss in 16 years, the Americans were experiencing varying degrees of distress.
2	Beach Volleyball: Cook Propels Australia to Win ATHENS (Reuters) - Twice Olympic beach volleyball medallist  Natalie Cook helped new team mate Nicole Sanderson battle  nerves to propel Australia to a 21-19, 17-21, 17-15 win against  China Monday.
2	Reds' Griffey Jr. Has Hamstring Surgery (AP)AP - All-Star outfielder Ken Griffey Jr. had surgery Monday to repair his torn right hamstring and is expected to return for spring training.
2	Lightning Reacquire Prospal From Ducks (AP)AP - Vaclav Prospal is returning to the Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning and will likely take the spot of forward Cory Stillman, who replaced him a year ago.
2	Favre Not Sure He Can Throw Fewer Picks (AP)AP - Brett Favre would love to throw fewer interceptions this season. He's just not sure he can. It's hard to teach an old dog new tricks, and that's never more true than with me, said Favre, who was picked off 21 times last season, one less than NFL co-leaders Joey Harrington and Marc Bulger. When I roll out to pass, I feel like there's a touchdown waiting.
2	V. Williams, Rubin LoseVenus Williams and Chanda Rubin lose to Li Ting and Sun Tian Tian of China in the first round of the doubles tournament.
2	High Expectations a New Feeling at Cal (AP)AP - A short walk around the California campus this summer was all Geoff McArthur needed as proof of how much Golden Bears football has changed since his freshman year. A program that won only one game in 2001 and has the longest Rose Bowl drought of any Big Ten or Pac-10 team is finally getting noticed at a school more known for its protests than its passing.
2	Cubs Pitcher Kerry Wood Loses Appeal (AP)AP - Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood's appeal was rejected Monday and he will begin serving his five-game suspension Tuesday.
2	Defense Could Dominate in the Big Ten (AP)AP - Following a mass exodus of offensive stars and starting quarterbacks, defense could dominate the Big Ten this season.
3	Carlyle Looks Toward Commercial Aerospace (Reuters)Reuters - Private investment firm Carlyle Group,\which has a reputation for making well-timed and occasionally\controversial plays in the defense industry, has quietly placed\its bets on another part of the market.
3	Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters)Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market next week during the depth of the\summer doldrums.
3	Iraq Halts Oil Exports from Main Southern Pipeline (Reuters)Reuters - Authorities have halted oil export\flows from the main pipeline in southern Iraq after\intelligence showed a rebel militia could strike\infrastructure, an oil official said on Saturday.
3	Oil prices soar to all-time record, posing new menace to US economy (AFP)AFP - Tearaway world oil prices, toppling records and straining wallets, present a new economic menace barely three months before the US presidential elections.
3	Stocks End Up, But Near Year Lows (Reuters)Reuters - Stocks ended slightly higher on Friday\but stayed near lows for the year as oil prices surged past  #36;46\a barrel, offsetting a positive outlook from computer maker\Dell Inc. (DELL.O)
3	Money Funds Fell in Latest Week (AP)AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;1.17 billion in the latest week to  #36;849.98 trillion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
3	Fed minutes show dissent over inflation (USATODAY.com)USATODAY.com - Retail sales bounced back a bit in July, and new claims for jobless benefits fell last week, the government said Thursday, indicating the economy is improving from a midsummer slump.
3	Safety Net (Forbes.com)Forbes.com - After earning a PH.D. in Sociology, Danny Bazil Riley started to work as the general manager at a commercial real estate firm at an annual base salary of  #36;70,000. Soon after, a financial planner stopped by his desk to drop off brochures about insurance benefits available through his employer. But, at 32, buying insurance was the furthest thing from my mind, says Riley.
3	Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black NEW YORK (Reuters) - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling  band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.
3	Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries  about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to  hang over the stock market next week during the depth of the  summer doldrums.
3	No Need for OPEC to Pump More-Iran Gov TEHRAN (Reuters) - OPEC can do nothing to douse scorching  oil prices when markets are already oversupplied by 2.8 million  barrels per day (bpd) of crude, Iran's OPEC governor said  Saturday, warning that prices could fall sharply.
3	Non-OPEC Nations Should Up Output-Purnomo JAKARTA (Reuters) - Non-OPEC oil exporters should consider  increasing output to cool record crude prices, OPEC President  Purnomo Yusgiantoro said on Sunday.
3	Google IPO Auction Off to Rocky Start WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The auction for Google  Inc.'s highly anticipated initial public offering got off to a  rocky start on Friday after the Web search company sidestepped  a bullet from U.S. securities regulators.
3	Dollar Falls Broadly on Record Trade Gap NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled broadly on Friday  after data showing a record U.S. trade deficit in June cast  fresh doubts on the economy's recovery and its ability to draw  foreign capital to fund the growing gap.
3	Rescuing an Old SaverIf you think you may need to help your elderly relatives with their finances, don't be shy about having the money talk -- soon.
3	Kids Rule for Back-to-SchoolThe purchasing power of kids is a big part of why the back-to-school season has become such a huge marketing phenomenon.
3	In a Down Market, Head Toward Value FundsThere is little cause for celebration in the stock market these days, but investors in value-focused mutual funds have reason to feel a bit smug -- if only because they've lost less than the folks who stuck with growth.
3	US trade deficit swells in JuneThe US trade deficit has exploded 19 to a record \$55.8bn as oil costs drove imports higher, according to a latest figures.
3	Shell 'could be target for Total'Oil giant Shell could be bracing itself for a takeover attempt, possibly from French rival Total, a  press report claims.
3	Google IPO faces Playboy slip-upThe bidding gets underway for Google's public offering, despite last-minute worries over an interview with its bosses in Playboy magazine.
3	Eurozone economy keeps growingOfficial figures show the 12-nation eurozone economy continues to grow, but there are warnings it may slow down later in the year.
3	Expansion slows in JapanEconomic growth in Japan slows down as the country experiences a drop in domestic and corporate spending.
3	Rand falls on shock SA rate cutInterest rates are trimmed to 7.5 by the South African central bank,  but the lack of warning hits the rand and surprises markets.
3	Car prices down across the boardThe cost of buying both new and second hand cars fell sharply over the past five years, a new survey has found.
3	South Korea lowers interest ratesSouth Korea's central bank cuts interest rates by a quarter percentage point to 3.5 in a bid to drive growth in the economy.
3	Google auction begins on FridayAn auction of shares in Google, the web search engine which could be floated for as much as \$36bn, takes place on Friday.
3	HP shares tumble on profit newsHewlett-Packard shares fall after disappointing third-quarter profits, while the firm warns the final quarter will also fall short of expectations.
3	Mauritian textile firm cuts jobsOne of the oldest textile operators on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius last week shut seven factories and cut 900 jobs.
3	Chad seeks refugee aid from IMFChad asks the IMF for a loan to pay for looking after more than 100,000 refugees from conflict-torn Darfur in western Sudan.
3	Japan nuclear firm shuts plantsThe company running the Japanese nuclear plant hit by a fatal accident is to close its reactors for safety checks.
3	Veteran inventor in market floatTrevor Baylis, the veteran inventor famous for creating the Freeplay clockwork radio, is planning to float his company on the stock market.
3	Saudi Arabia to open up oil tapsSaudi Arabia says it is ready to push an extra 1.3 million barrels a day of oil into the market, to help reverse surging prices.
3	Saudi phone sector gets \$1bn liftA group led by the UAE's Etisalat plans to spend \$1bn (544m) on expansion after winning two mobile phone licences in Saudi Arabia.
3	Indians fill rail skills shortageNetwork Rail flies in specialist Indian engineers to work on the West Coast Mainline because of a UK skills shortage.
3	Steady as they goBEDFORD -- Scientists at NitroMed Inc. hope their experimental drugs will cure heart disease someday. But lately their focus has been on more mundane matters.
3	Google IPO: Type in 'confusing,' 'secrecy'I've submitted my bid to buy shares of Google Inc. in the computer search company's giant auction-style initial public offering. That could turn out to be the good news or the bad news.
3	A bargain hunter's paradiseMassachusetts bargain hunters showed up in droves and shopped hard on yesterday's sales tax holiday, buying everything from treadmills and snow blowers to candles and chandeliers, and crediting the 5-percent tax break with bringing them into the stores.
3	Researchers seek to untangle the e-mail threadE-mail is a victim of its own success. That's the conclusion of IBM Corp. researchers in Cambridge, who have spent nearly a decade conducting field tests at IBM and other companies about how employees work and use electronic mail. It's clear to them that e-mail has become the Internet's killer application.
3	Microsoft Corp. 2.0: a kinder corporate cultureEven a genius can mess up. Bill Gates was a brilliant technologist when he cofounded Microsoft , but as he guided it to greatness in both size and historical consequence, he blundered. He terrorized underlings with his temper and parceled out praise like Scrooge gave to charity. Only the lash inspired the necessary aggressiveness to beat the competition, he thought.
3	LettersTarget the abusers of legal weapons We can all share the outrage, expressed by columnist Steve Bailey (''Summer Sizzler, quot; Aug. 11), at the killings in the city's poor neighborhoods. But there's no need to share his ignorance. He argues for renewal of the so-called assault weapon ban, claiming that otherwise, ''UZIs and AK-47s could again be flooding the streets. quot; His ...
3	Somewhere between gleam and gloomPresident Bush has been saying that the US economy has ''turned the corner. quot; Democratic presidential candidate Senator John F. Kerry, in the wake of this month's poor jobs report, quipped that it was more like a U-turn.
3	Technology company sues five ex-employees A Marlborough-based technology company is suing five former employees, including three senior managers, for allegedly conspiring against their employer while working on opening a competing business.
3	Grant to aid Lynn Central SquareCentral Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the Gateway Artisan Block, a key area of the square, with \$830,000 in state grant money given to Lynn last week.
3	State grant to aid Lynn; Bank gives Salem \$10kCentral Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the Gateway Artisan Block, a key area of the square, with \$830,000 in state grant money given to Lynn last week.
3	A New Legal Chapter for a 90's FlameoutA lawsuit against Gary Winnick, the former chief of Global Crossing, refocuses attention on what Mr. Winnick knew about his company's finances as it imploded.
3	Will Russia, the Oil Superpower, Flex Its Muscles?Russia is again emerging as a superpower - but the reason has less to do with nuclear weapons than with oil.
3	Switching Titles, if Not Gears, at DellKevin B. Rollins, the new chief executive of Dell, talks about Dell's transitory slip in customer service, and why he sees a broader technology recovery taking place.
3	For Sale: The Ultimate Status SymbolWith the country in need of cash and rich people dying to show off their wealth, Mr. Stein proposes a unique solution: having the government sell titles of nobility.
3	Quality Gets Swept AwayQuality Distribution is hammered after reporting a large loss for the second quarter.
3	Making Your Insurer PayIf Hurricane Charley blows your house down, how can you make your insurance company pay?
3	Delightful DellThe company's results show that it's not grim all over tech world. Just all of it that isn't Dell.
3	Chrysler's Bling KingAfter a tough year, Detroit's troubled carmaker is back -- thanks to a maverick designer and a car that is dazzling the hip-hop crowd
3	What's Cool In the Pool ... ... And Hot On the DeckAmericans are spending more on tricking out the places where they swim. Here's a look at the new wave of accessories
3	The Age of DoomIn 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. It's about to get far creepier
3	Hip Hop's Online ShopCelebrity fashion is booming. These webpreneurs are bringing it to main street
3	Stoking the SteamrollerNo other recording artist can channel American middle-class tastes quite like Chip Davis and his best-selling band
3	Coming to The RescueGot a unique problem? Not to worry: you can find a financial planner for every specialized need
3	The New Customers Are In TownToday's customers are increasingly demanding, in Asia as elsewhere in the world.  Henry Astorga describes the complex reality faced by today's marketers, which includes much higher expectations than we have been used to.  Today's customers want performance, and they want it now!
3	Barrel of Monkeys, 2004 Edition: Notes on Philippine ElectionsWell, it's election time in the Republic of the Philippines, and that means the monkeys are rolling around in those political barrels, having as much fun as they can while laughing their heads off at the strange goings-on that characterize a democratic process loosely based on the American model  but that de facto looks more like a Fellini movie crossed with a Tom and Jerry cartoon - column includes a useful election-year glossary!
3	Oldsmobile: The final parking lotWhy General Motors dropped the Oldsmobile. The four brand  paradoxes GM had to face - the name, the product, image re-positioning, and the consumer - all added up to a brand that had little hope of rebranding.
3	Not All Jobs Belong To The White Man: Asian Minorities, Affirmative Action, And The Quest For Parity At WorkAlthough a smattering of Chinese, Filipinos, Japanese, Indians, Thais, and others may crow about seeing their kind sitting in prominent positions in corporations and organizations in the USA, these accomplishments become mere cultural high-fives and ritualistic chest-thumping goaded and impishly patronized by 'mainstream society' - the milder and gentler term for the white-dominated populace.
3	Downhome Pinoy Blues, Intersecting Life Paths, and Heartbreak SongsThe Blues is alive and well in the Philippines, as evidenced by this appreciation of the Pinoy Blues band 'Lampano Alley', penned by columnist Clarence Henderson as a counterpoint to his usual economics, business, and culture fare.
3	The Real Time Modern Manila Blues: Bill Monroe Meets Muddy Waters in the OrientGlobalization does strange things to people. A day in the life of a Manila Philippines based business consultant - proving that you really CAN talk about Muddy Walters, bluegrass and work all on the same page...
3	Best Asian Tourism DestinationsThe new APMF survey of the best Asian tourism destinations has just kicked off, but it's crowded at the top, with Chiang Mai in Thailand just leading from perennial favourites Hong Kong, Bangkok and Phuket in Thailand, and Bali in  Indonesia. Be one of the first to vote and let us know your reasons.
3	What are the best cities for business in Asia?One of our new categories in the APMF Sense of Place survey is for best Asian business city. After a couple of days, Singapore leads the pack, followed by Bangkok, Thailand and Hong Kong. Enter your vote and comments and make your views count. More new categories include best city for livability, and best tourism destinations.
3	IT alligator talesI grew up in New York, where giant alligators -- sometimes more ornately described as albino alligators -- were rumored to roam the citys sewer systems. According to legend, vacationers picked up the tiny crocodilians in Florida, brought them home to New York, and eventually flushed the little buggers when they grew too big for the local concrete jungle.
3	IT Myth 5: Most IT projects failDo most IT projects fail? Some point to the number of giant consultancies such as IBM Global Services, Capgemini, and Sapient, who feed off bad experiences encountered by enterprises. Sapient is a company founded on the realization that IT projects are not successful, says Sapient CTO Ben Gaucherin.
3	BEA grabs CA exec to head product groupBEA Systems Inc. has hired the Computer Associates International Inc. executive responsible for CA's Unicenter line of enterprise management software to head BEA's product development group.
3	Autodesk tackles project collaborationAutodesk  this week unwrapped an updated version of its hosted project collaboration service targeted at the construction and manufacturing industries. Autodesk Buzzsaw lets multiple, dispersed project participants -- including building owners, developers, architects, construction teams, and facility managers -- share and manage data throughout the life of a project, according to Autodesk officials.
3	U.K.'s NHS taps Gartner to help plan \$9B IT overhaulLONDON -- The U.K.'s National Health Service (NHS) has tapped IT researcher Gartner Inc. to provide market intelligence services as the health organization forges ahead with a mammoth, 5 billion (\$9.2 billion) project to upgrade its information technology infrastructure.
3	Play Boys: Google IPO a Go AnywayEven though Google's two founders gave an interview to Playboy magazine in the midst of its IPO filing, the SEC allowed the company's offering to go ahead. The boys filed the interview with the SEC and corrected mistakes in it.
3	More Big Boobs in PlayboyAn interview with Google's co-founders due out in the current issue of Playboy may delay the company's IPO. Securities regulations restrict what executives can say while preparing to sell stock for the first time.
3	Dutch Firm Beats Apple to PunchA music retailer from the Netherlands beats Apple by launching a download service in Europe's latest market battleground. Also: Movie industry wrests agreement from defunct company.... Microsoft challenges Photoshop   hellip;. and more.
3	HP to Buy SynstarHewlett-Packard will pay \$297 million for the British company. Also: TiVo goes all out to attract customers   hellip;. Sprint offers service guarantees for business wireless subscribers   hellip;. and more.
3	A Personal Operator From VerizonVerizon plans to offer a service that would act as a virtual switchboard operator, letting customers stay in touch at all times. The program would send phone calls, voicemails and e-mails wherever customers designate. By Elisa Batista.
3	Paid Search Growth May SlowA new Internet advertising forecast shows a slowdown in paid search listings in the next five years. Will the projection affect Google's prospects when it goes public?
3	Fark Sells Out. France SurrendersBlogs are the hottest thing on the Net, but are they messing with traditional publishing principles? One of the most popular, Fark.com, is allegedly selling links. Is it the wave of the future? By Daniel Terdiman.
3	Strategies for a Sideways Market (Reuters)Reuters - The bulls and the bears are in this\together, scratching their heads and wondering what's going to\happen next.
3	Art Looks Like Fine Investment for Funds (Reuters)Reuters - Some mutual funds invest in stocks;\others invest in bonds. Now a new breed of funds is offering\the chance to own fine art.
3	Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters)Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market this week during the depth of the\summer doldrums.
3	Strategies for a Sideways Market WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The bulls and the bears are in this  together, scratching their heads and wondering what's going to  happen next.
3	Art Looks Like Fine Investment for Funds NEW YORK (Reuters) - Some mutual funds invest in stocks;  others invest in bonds. Now a new breed of funds is offering  the chance to own fine art.
3	Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries  about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to  hang over the stock market this week during the depth of the  summer doldrums.
3	Funds: Are Bond Funds Hazardous? (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds  for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr.  Willis.)
3	Shippers: Venezuela Oil Unfazed by Poll CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Oil exports by Venezuela  have not been disturbed by the referendum on the rule of  President Hugo Chavez, shipping sources said late Sunday.
3	Shippers: Venezuela Oil Unfazed by Poll (Reuters)Reuters - Oil exports by Venezuela\have not been disturbed by the referendum on the rule of\President Hugo Chavez, shipping sources said late Sunday.
3	Dollar Falls to Fresh Low Vs Euro (Reuters)Reuters - The dollar fell to a fresh four-week low\versus the euro on Monday after a widening of the U.S. trade\gap to record levels raised worries about capital inflows in\the United States and a possible slowdown in the economy.
3	Nikkei Falls Over 1 Pct on Oil Worries TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell more than one percent  by mid-morning on Monday as investors stepped up selling of  exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. amid growing fears of the  impact of surging oil prices on the global economy.
3	The Region's Highest-Paid ExecutivesPay for the Washington area's top executives rose significantly last year, reversing the downward trend that set in with the recession in 2001.
3	As XM Stock Recovered, Executives' Pay ModestThanks to the SEC, shareholders now get a long-term picture of how their stock is doing, which helps in evaluating executive pay.
3	Lucrative Cash Package Came as Fairchild Reported \$53.2 Million Loss For Jeffrey J. Steiner, chairman and chief executive of Fairchild Corp., nearly \$2.5 million in salary last year was just the beginning.
3	Board Members, Executives and Family Members Can Still Benefit Many of Corporate Washington's executives and board members have side deals with the companies they oversee.
3	Survey Estimates Values of Options, Excludes ExercisesFiguring out how much executives get paid can be like predicting the weather -- an inexact science.
3	Government Spending Up Sharply Locally Federal procurement spending in the Washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating tens of thousands of jobs and increasing economic growth disproportionately in Northern Virginia.
3	Nikkei Falls Over 1 Pct on Oil Worries (Reuters)Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell more than one percent\by mid-morning on Monday as investors stepped up selling of\exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. amid growing fears of the\impact of surging oil prices on the global economy.
3	Nikkei Down at Midday on Oil Worries TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 1.66 percent by  midday on Monday, extending losses into a third day as growing  fears about the impact of surging oil prices on the global  economy hit exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
3	Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Auto Workers (UAW) said its  members at Caterpillar Inc on Sunday voted to reject the  construction equipment maker's contract proposal, the second  time this year workers have voted against a Caterpillar  contract offer.
3	NYMEX Crude Hits Record \$46.76 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude oil futures &lt;CLc1&gt; hit a  new record of \$46.76 on Monday on worries about possible unrest  and disruption to oil supply as Venezuelans voted in a  referendum on whether to recall President Hugo Chavez.
3	Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer CHICAGO (Reuters) - The main union at Caterpillar Inc. said  its members voted on Sunday to reject the construction  equipment maker's contract proposal, the second time this year  the workers have voted against an offer.
3	GM's Made-In-China Cadillacs in Early '05 SHANGHAI (Reuters) - General Motors, the world's largest  automaker, will start selling its first made-in-China Cadillacs  in early 2005 in a market it expects eventually to account for  a fifth of global sales of the luxury brand.
3	Wal-Mart Tries to Shine Its Image by Supporting Public BroadcastingWal-Mart, stung by criticism of its business tactics, is working to improve its image by supporting public broadcasting.
3	Muddling Through (or Not): Mid-2004 Update on the PhilippinesLooks like the Philippines, despite itself, has survived the election without excessive violence, major civil unrest, or untoward People Power eruptions. GMA finally has that elusive electoral mandate, and the air of uncertainty that pervaded Manila in the weeks leading up to the election has given way to (for some) an air of cautious optimism or (for others) resignation that nothing ever changes much in the Philippines and that the strong leadership and fundamental changes needed to save the country are long shots.
3	In Google's Auction, It's Not Easy to Tell a Bid From a BetIn a competition combining suspense and strategy, countless brave souls are hoping to buy a small piece of Google in an auction this week.
3	Nikkei Hits 3-Mth Closing Low TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.65 percent  to a fresh three-month closing low on Monday as crude oil  prices again hit record highs in Asian trading hours, clouding  the outlook for the global economy.
3	Stocks Fall as Oil Hits High SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Exporters led a fall in Asian shares  on Monday as oil prices set new highs near \$47 and data showing  the U.S. trade deficit widened to a record raised fresh concern  about the health of the world's largest economy.
3	Stocks Fall as Oil Hits High (Reuters)Reuters - Exporters led a fall in Asian shares\on Monday as oil prices set new highs near  #36;47 and data showing\the U.S. trade deficit widened to a record raised fresh concern\about the health of the world's largest economy.
3	Iranian economic reform faltersThe Iranian parliament votes against key parts of a reform plan aimed at opening the economy to foreign investment.
3	Space-age sport GPS is invading recreational sports. Under clear skies, those signals beaming to earth from satellites can find you on a hilly running trail, in a kayak on the ocean, or on a green fairway where you're trying to fade a 230-yard drive into the wind.
3	Eyes tired? Musical alerts ease computer user #146;s dayWhat was the last sound your computer made? It may have emitted a chime when e-mail arrived, or a heraldic swish when you started up Windows.
3	As money-raisers, 2004 #146;s initial offerings fall shortWhen Inhibitex Inc. set the terms of its initial public offering in March, it thought it was being conservative, expecting shares to sell for \$10 to \$12 apiece.
3	Internet publishing attracting academicsBALTIMORE -- Manuel Llinas knew his career was at stake. The young scientist had just finished work on an eye-catching paper on the genome of a parasite that causes malaria. Now he and his lab director faced a critical decision: where to submit the article for publication.
3	Computers with multiple personalitiesThe jury's still out on whether a computer can ever truly be intelligent, but there's no question that it can have multiple personalities. It's just a matter of software.
3	Oil Prices Hit Record (Reuters)Reuters - Oil prices jumped to a new record\high near  #36;47 on Monday with traders on tenterhooks for the\result of Venezuela's weekend referendum and Iraq's exports\again disrupted by a Shi'ite uprising in the south.
3	Swatch tax complaint dismissedUS officials dismiss claims of tax evasion levelled at watchmaker Swatch by two former employees.
3	Small firms struggle as oil soarsSmall manufacturers in the UK are struggling in the face of soaring oil prices and higher interest rates, the CBI says.
3	Microsoft takes down SP2 swappersMicrosoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.
3	Europe and US in aircraft aid rowThe European Commission and President George Bush are in a war of words over subsidies given to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing.
3	Lowe's Second-Quarter Profit Rises (Reuters)Reuters - Lowe's Cos. (LOW.N), the second-largest\home improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc. (HD.N), on\Monday said quarterly profit rose, but trailed estimates.
3	Stocks Seen Little Changed; Oil Weighs NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks are seen opening little changed  on Monday as crude prices remain high, but insurers may dip on  worries about their potential liabilities after a hurricane  struck Florida on Friday.
3	Lowe's Second-Quarter Profit Rises ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the second-largest  home improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc. &lt;HD.N&gt;, on  Monday said quarterly profit rose, but trailed estimates.
3	Oil Prices Hold Near Record LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices simmered near fresh highs  Monday even though early reports of victory for Venezuelan  President Hugo Chavez in a referendum on his rule eased fears  that unrest could upset the country's oil exports.
3	BA workers approve holiday strikeBritish Airways workers plan to strike for 24 hours during the August Bank Holiday weekend unless a pay row is settled, the GMB union said.
3	Lowe's 2Q Earnings Higher on Home Market (AP)AP - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos. reported Monday that a robust housing market drove second-quarter earnings higher year-over-year, but results failed to meet Wall Street expectations.
3	Sri Lanka hit by oil strikeWorkers at Sri Lanka's main oil company end a two-day strike, held in protest at government plans to sell more of the company.
3	Cost Cuts Boost Kmart Quarterly Profit (Reuters)Reuters - Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O) on Monday\reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts\made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about\ #36;2.6 billion.
3	Cost Cuts Boost Kmart Quarterly Profit CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about  \$2.6 billion.
3	Wall Street to Open Little Changed NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is seen opening little  changed on Monday as crude prices remain high, but insurers may  dip on worries about their potential liabilities after a  hurricane struck Florida on Friday.
3	Sysco Profit Rises; Sales Have Slowed NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sysco Corp. &lt;SYY.N&gt;, the largest U.S.  distributor of food to restaurants and hospitals, on Monday  said quarterly profit rose as an extra week in the period and  acquisitions helped offset the effects of higher food prices.
3	Lowe's Profit Rises But Trails Estimates ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the No. 2 home  improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc., on Monday reported  an 18 percent increase in second-quarter profit, but results  trailed estimates as sales weakened in June.
3	Kmart Swings to Second-Quarter Profit (AP)AP - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. reported Monday that the company swung to a profit in the second quarter, but same-store sales were still in decline.
3	Wal-Mart Maintains August Sales Forecast (Reuters)Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N) on Monday\maintained its August sales forecast and said demand was\particularly strong in the U.S. Southeast last week as people\stocked up on duct tape, rope and water in preparation for\Hurricane Charley.
3	Cost Cuts Help Kmart Post Profit CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about  \$2.6 billion.
3	Allstate Says Charley Could Hurt Results NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allstate Corp. &lt;ALL.N&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  home and auto insurer, on Monday said potential losses stemming  from Hurricane Charley could hurt its current results.
3	Hungarian central bank cuts key interest rate by half percentage point (AFP)AFP - The Hungarian central bank cut its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points from 11.5 percent to 11.0 percent, the bank said in a statement posted on its website.
3	CompUSA Stores to Sell Gateway PCs (Reuters)Reuters - Gateway Inc. (GTW.N), the computer\maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will\begin selling its desktops at CompUSA Inc.'s outlets later this\week, the two companies said on Monday.
3	CompUSA Stores to Sell Gateway PCs NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;GTW.N&gt;, the computer  maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will  begin selling its desktops at CompUSA Inc.'s outlets later this  week, the two companies said on Monday.
3	Kmart Posts Profit After Cost Cuts CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite  slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and  discounts, boosting its cash pile to \$2.6 billion.
3	LifePoint in \$1.1 Billion Province Deal NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rural hospital operator LifePoint  Hospitals Inc. &lt;LPNT.O&gt; has agreed to acquire rival Province  Healthcare Co. &lt;PRV.N&gt; for \$1.125 billion in cash and stock to  broaden its geographic reach, the companies said on Monday.
3	Stocks Set to Open Little Changed NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is set to open little  changed on Monday as crude prices remain near their record  highs, but insurers may slip on worries about their potential  liabilities after a hurricane struck Florida on Friday.
3	Sysco Corp.'s 4Q Profit Up 16 PercentSysco's fiscal fourth-quarter profit rose 16 percent due to an extra week in the quarter, customer-service initiatives and operating efficiency.
3	Stocks Open Near Flat as Oil Near Record NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Monday as crude prices remain near their record highs, but  early reports of victory for the Venezuelan president in a  referendum on his rule eased fears about the country's oil  exports.
3	Indonesia urges debt flexibilityIndonesia calls on the International Monetary Fund to help reschedule its debts, as figures reveal a slowdown in economic growth.
3	Oil Holds Near Record LevelOil prices fell 23 cents to \$46.35 a barrel after Venezuelan Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum, appeasing worried energy markets.
3	Ride This GemAmusement park operators have produced volatile results, but this company has stood the test of time.
3	Insurers Begin Tallying Charley Losses (Reuters)Reuters - U.S. insurers on Monday predicted that\Hurricane Charley could be the most costly U.S. storm since\Andrew in 1992, with Florida officials initially estimating\economic losses at  #36;15 billion.
3	KMart Posts Profit; Cash Pile Grows CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite  slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and  discounts, boosting its cash pile to \$2.6 billion.
3	Thomson Buys Test Provider Capstar TORONTO (Reuters) - Electronic publisher Thomson Corp.  &lt;TOC.TO&gt; said on Monday it will buy test provider Capstar from  Educational Testing Service, the latest in a string of  acquisitions designed to flesh out its product offerings.
3	Lowe's Reports Increase in Second-Quarter Net IncomeLowe's reported a 17.9 percent increase in net income during its second quarter, but results missed Wall Street expectations.
3	Lowe's Net Trails Views, But Shares Rise ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the No. 2 home  improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc., on Monday reported  an 18 percent increase in second-quarter profit, but results  trailed estimates as sales weakened in June.
3	KMart Posts Profit; Cash Pile Grows (Reuters)Reuters - Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O) on Monday\reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite\slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced advertising and\discounts, boosting its cash pile to  #36;2.6 billion.
3	Oil Slips from Record High of \$46.30 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased from new record highs  on Monday as victory for Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in a  referendum on his rule eased fears that unrest could upset the  country's oil exports.
3	Stocks Gain as Oil Prices Ease NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Monday as oil  prices dipped after reports of victory for the Venezuelan  president in a referendum on his rule eased fears about the  country's oil exports.
3	How to Hire a Financial Planner (The Motley Fool)The Motley Fool - You've got a money question, and the guy in the next cubicle hasn't a clue how to answer. You need trustworthy information. But where to start?
3	Daimler Nets \$900 Mln Via Hyundai Sale LONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler said it raised  more than \$900 million by selling its 10.5 percent stake in  Hyundai Motor Co. Ltd. on Monday, a remnant of its dented  ambitions to build a global carmaking empire.
3	The Internet Is CallingWeb phone service is exploding. And maverick Jeffrey Citron lit the industry's fuse
3	A Stereo with a BrainYou can train Bose's new system to play songs you like. Is it worth the price?
3	The Sponsor Moves InThe Days, owned by its advertisers, may boost ABC'S bottom line. But will they control content?
3	Stocks Higher on Oil Price Relief NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Monday, getting  a boost from lower oil prices after news the Venezuelan  president survived a recall eased fears about the country's oil  exports.
3	Is 4Kids 4 Investors?4Kids Entertainment got karate-chopped last week. Can it get back up off the mat?
3	Charley Sends Mobile Home Stocks Soaring NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of mobile home manufacturers  soared on Monday on hopes of increased business after the  destruction Hurricane Charley wreaked in Florida over the  weekend, an analyst said.
4	'Madden,' 'ESPN' Football Score in Different Ways (Reuters)Reuters - Was absenteeism a little high\on Tuesday among the guys at the office? EA Sports would like\to think it was because Madden NFL 2005 came out that day,\and some fans of the football simulation are rabid enough to\take a sick day to play it.
4	Group to Propose New High-Speed Wireless Format (Reuters)Reuters - A group of technology companies\including Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N), STMicroelectronics\(STM.PA) and Broadcom Corp. (BRCM.O), on Thursday said they\will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times\the speed of the current generation.
4	AOL to Sell Cheap PCs to Minorities and Seniors (Reuters)Reuters - America Online on Thursday said it\plans to sell a low-priced PC targeting low-income and minority\households who agree to sign up for a year of dialup Internet\service.
4	Companies Approve New High-Capacity Disc Format (Reuters)Reuters - A group of consumer electronics\makers said on Wednesday they approved the format for a new\generation of discs that can store five times the data of DVDs\at the same cost -- enough to put a full season of The\Sopranos on one disc.
4	Missing June Deals Slow to Return for Software Cos. (Reuters)Reuters - The mystery of what went wrong for the\software industry in late June when sales stalled at more than\20 brand-name companies is not even close to being solved\although the third quarter is nearly halfway over.
4	Hacker Cracks Apple's Streaming Technology (AP)AP - The Norwegian hacker famed for developing DVD encryption-cracking software has apparently struck again  #151; this time breaking the locks on Apple Computer Inc.'s wireless music streaming technology.
4	European Download Services Go Mobile (Reuters)Reuters - The ability to download complete\tracks directly over cell-phone networks to mobile phones is\becoming a reality in Europe.
4	Open Source Apps Developer SugarCRM Releases Sugar.Sales 1.1 (TechWeb)TechWeb - News - August 13, 2004
4	Oracle Sales Data Seen Being Released (Reuters)Reuters - Oracle Corp. sales documents\detailing highly confidential information, such as which\companies receive discounts on Oracle's business software\products and the size of the discounts, are likely to be made\public, a federal judge said on Friday.
4	Sun's Looking Glass Provides 3D View (PC World)PC World - Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
4	Apple to open second Japanese retail store this month (MacCentral)MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. will open its second Japanese retail store later this month in the western Japanese city of Osaka, it said Thursday.
4	Charley's Force Took Experts by Surprise (AP)AP - Hurricane Charley's 145-mph force took forecasters by surprise and showed just how shaky a science it still is to predict a storm's intensity  #151; even with all the latest satellite and radar technology.
4	Science, Politics Collide in Election Year (AP)AP - With more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 Nobel Prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the Bush administration's use of scientific advice, this election year is seeing a new development in the uneasy relationship between science and politics.
4	Building Dedicated to Columbia Astronauts (AP)AP - A former dormitory converted to classrooms at the Pensacola Naval Air Station was dedicated Friday to two Columbia astronauts who were among the seven who died in the shuttle disaster Feb. 1, 2003.
4	Russian Cargo Craft Docks at Space Station (AP)AP - A Russian cargo ship docked with the international space station Saturday, bringing food, water, fuel and other items to the two-man Russian-American crew, a space official said.
4	Bangkok's Canals Losing to Urban Sprawl (AP)AP - Along the banks of the canal, women in rowboats grill fish and sell fresh bananas. Families eat on floating pavilions, rocked gently by waves from passing boats.
4	T. Rex Had Teen Growth Spurt, Scientists Say (Reuters)Reuters - Tyrannosaurus Rex grew incredibly fast\during a teenaged growth spurt that saw the dinosaur expand its\bulk by six times, but the fearsome beasts lived fast and died\young, researchers said on Wednesday.
4	Gene Blocker Turns Monkeys Into Workaholics - Study (Reuters)Reuters - Procrastinating monkeys were turned\into workaholics using a gene treatment to block a key brain\compound, U.S. researchers reported on Wednesday.
4	Dolphins Too Have Born Socialites (Reuters)Reuters - Some people are born to be the life and\soul of the party -- and so it seems are some dolphins.
4	What's in a Name? Well, Matt Is Sexier Than Paul (Reuters)Reuters - As Shakespeare said, a rose by any other\name would smell as sweet. Right?
4	UK Scientists Allowed to Clone Human Embryos (Reuters)Reuters - British scientists said on Wednesday\they had received permission to clone human embryos for medical\research, in what they believe to be the first such license to\be granted in Europe.
4	Russian Alien Spaceship Claims Raise Eyebrows, Skepticism (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - An expedition of Russian researchers claims to have found evidence that an \  alien spaceship had something to do with a huge explosion over Siberia in 1908. \  Experts in asteroids and comets have long said the massive blast was caused \  by a space rock.
4	Comets, Asteroids and Planets around a Nearby Star (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - A nearby star thought to harbor comets and asteroids now appears to be home to planets, too. The presumed worlds are smaller than Jupiter and could be as tiny as Pluto, new observations suggest.
4	Perseid Meteor Shower Peaks Overnight (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - A fine display of shooting stars is underway and peaks overnight Wednesday into early Thursday morning. Astronomers expect the 2004 Perseid meteor shower to be one of the best versions of the annual event in several years.
4	Redesigning Rockets: NASA Space Propulsion Finds a New Home (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - While the exploration of the Moon and other planets in our solar system is nbsp;exciting, the first task for astronauts and robots alike is to actually nbsp;get to those destinations.
4	Studies Find Rats Can Get Hooked on Drugs (AP)AP - Rats can become drug addicts. That's important to know, scientists say, and has taken a long time to prove. Now two studies by French and British researchers show the animals exhibit the same compulsive drive for cocaine as people do once they're truly hooked.
4	NASA Chief: 'Let's Go Save the Hubble' (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - Amid uncertainty over the fate of the Hubble Space Telescope and with a key instrument not working, NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe gave the go-ahead Monday for planning a robotic servicing mission.
4	Armadillo Aerospaces X Prize Prototype Crashes (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - Armadillo Aerospace of Mesquite, Texas has reported a \crash last weekend of their prototype X Prize rocket.
4	Prairie Dog Won't Be on Endangered List (AP)AP - The black-tailed prairie dog has been dropped from a list of candidates for the federal endangered species list because scientists have concluded the rodents are no longer threatened.
4	Hubble Trouble: One of Four Instruments Stops Working (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - One of the four astronomical instruments on the Hubble Space Telescope shut down earlier this week and engineers are trying to pin down the problem. The other three instruments continue to operate normally.
4	Invasive Purple Weed May Meet Its Match (AP)AP - They burned it, mowed it, sprayed it and flooded it. But nothing killed the purple loosestrife weed, which has become a regional plague, until officials at the Parker River National Wildlife Refuge set a European beetle loose on it.
4	New NASA Supercomputer to Aid Theorists and Shuttle Engineers (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - NASA researchers have teamed up with a pair of Silicon Valley firms to build \  a supercomputer that ranks alongside the world's largest Linux-based systems.
4	Ants Form Supercolony Spanning 60 Miles (AP)AP - Normally clannish and agressive Argentine ants have become so laid back since arriving in Australia decades ago that they no longer fight neighboring nests and have formed a supercolony here that spans 60 miles, scientists say.
4	Viewer's Guide: Perseid Meteor Shower Peaks Aug. 11-12 (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - Every August, when many \  people are vacationing in the country where skies are dark, the best-known meteor \  shower makes its appearance. The annual Perseid meteor shower, as it is called, \  promised to put on an above average display this year.
4	Rescuers Free Beached Whale in Brazil (AP)AP - Rescuers succeeded in freeing a minke whale that washed up on a beach in southeastern Brazil, the fire department said Thursday.
4	Red-Footed Falcon Sighted in Mass. (AP)AP - A red-footed falcon spotted for the first time in North America is enticing birdwatchers to Martha's Vineyard.
4	Weak Version of Most Powerful Explosions Found (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - Gamma-ray bursts are the most powerful events in the universe, temporary outshining several galaxies and likely signaling the birth of a black hole.
4	Simultaneous Tropical Storms a Rarity (AP)AP - The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane  #151; or possibly two hurricanes  #151; could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they have never seen.
4	NASA's Genesis Spacecraft Adjusts Course (AP)AP - NASA's Genesis spacecraft successfully adjusted its course this week as it heads back toward Earth with a sample of solar wind particles, the space agency said Wednesday.
4	Earth is Rare, New Study Suggests (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - Flip a coin. Heads, Earth is a common sort of planet. Tails, and ours is as unusual as a coin landing on edge. That's about the state of knowledge for scientists who ponder the question of our planet's rarity.
4	Scientists Probe Pacific for Dead Zone (AP)AP - His hand on a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, Oregon State University graduate student Anthony Kirincich uses an array of scientific instruments to probe the vibrant waters of the Pacific. He is searching for the absence of life.
4	Life on Mars Likely, Scientist Claims (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - DENVER, COLORADO -- Those twin robots hard at work on Mars have transmitted teasing views that reinforce the prospect that microbial life may exist on the red planet.
4	India Rethinks Plan to Send Man to Moon (AP)AP - India is rethinking its plan to send a man to the moon by 2015, as the mission would cost a lot of money and yield very little in return, the national space agency said Thursday.
4	Natural Sunblock: Sun Dims in Strange Ways (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - When Venus crossed the Sun June 8, showing up as a clear black dot to the delight of millions of skywatchers around the world, astronomers noted something less obvious: The amount of sunlight reaching Earth dipped by 0.1 percent for a few hours.
4	Website Lets Users Scout the Red Planet from Home (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - For those who want to explore Mars but cant wait for a spacecraft to take them there, NASA scientists have reformulated a website that lets the general public search data and images from previous missions.
4	Appeal Rejected in Trout Restoration Plan (AP)AP - The U.S. Forest Service on Wednesday rejected environmentalists' appeal of a plan to poison a stream south of Lake Tahoe to aid what wildlife officials call the rarest trout in America.
4	Explore the Many Colors of Stars (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - One of the pleasures of \  stargazing is noticing and enjoying the various colors that stars display in \  dark skies. These hues offer direct visual evidence of how stellar temperatures \  vary.
4	Britain Grants Human Cloning License (AP)AP - Britain granted its first license for human cloning Wednesday, joining South Korea on the leading edge of stem cell research, which is restricted by the Bush administration and which many scientists believe may lead to new treatments for a range of diseases.
4	The Next Great Space Race: SpaceShipOne and Wild Fire to Go For the Gold (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - A piloted rocket ship race to claim a  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize purse for privately financed flight to the edge of space is heating up.
4	Growth, Mortality of T. Rex Gets Clearer (AP)AP - Here's a dinosaur finding that parents can appreciate: The teenage Tyrannosaurus rex typically went through an explosive growth spurt, gaining nearly 5 pounds a day.
4	Space Science Pioneer Van Allen Questions Human Spaceflight (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - A leading space scientist has called to question the validity of human spaceflight, suggesting that sending astronauts outward from Earth is outdated, too costly, and the science returned is trivial.
4	China Begins Manned Space Flight Countdown (AP)AP - Chinese astronauts are in the final stages of preparing for a manned space mission that will orbit the globe 14 times before returning to Earth, a state-run newspaper reported Thursday.
4	Sunspot Grows to 20 Times Size of Earth (SPACE.com)SPACE.com - A sunspot group aimed squarely \  at Earth has grown to 20 times the size of our planet and has the potential \  to unleash a major solar storm.
4	Japanese Lunar Probe Facing Delays (AP)AP - A lunar orbiter that Japan had planned to launch this year could face further delays, possibly until next year or later, because of a funding shortfall and problems developing the probe's information-gathering capabilities, Japan's space agency said Wednesday.
4	Pollutants From Asia Appear on East Coast (AP)AP - Scientists looking into air quality and climate change have found pollutants from as far as Asia over New England and the Atlantic.
4	Vietnam's Citadel Vulnerable to Weather (AP)AP - Experts from Europe and Asia surveyed 1,400-year-old relics of an ancient citadel in Hanoi Tuesday and said they were concerned the priceless antiquities were at risk from exposure to the elements.
4	U.S. Barred From Weakening Dolphin Rules (AP)AP - In a victory for environmentalists, a federal judge ruled Tuesday that the Bush administration cannot change the standards commercial fisheries must meet before the tuna they catch can carry the dolphin-safe label.
4	Canadian Robot a Candidate to Save Hubble (AP)AP - NASA said Tuesday it is moving ahead with plans to send a robot to the rescue of the aging Hubble Space Telescope.
4	Cave Explorers Discover Pit in Croatia (AP)AP - Cave explorers discovered a pit inside a mountain range in central Croatia believed to have the world's deepest subterranean vertical drop, at nearly 1,700 feet, a scientific institute reported Monday.
4	Aquarium Reviews Death of Dolphin (AP)AP - The chief scientist at the National Aquarium in Baltimore has launched a review of the dolphin breeding program after the death of a 4-month-old dolphin.
4	Scientists Seek Better Way to Measure Rain (AP)AP - Meteorologists at North Carolina State University are working on a way to more accurately measure rainfall in small areas.
4	Wash. State Team's Private Rocket Explodes (AP)AP - A team taking a low-budget stab at the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize for private manned spaceflight suffered a setback Sunday, when their rocket malfunctioned and exploded after shooting less than 1,000 feet in the air.
4	Nevada Ponders Superfund Status for Mine (AP)AP - Pressured by a ranking senator from Nevada and the Environmental Protection Agency, Gov. Kenny Guinn says he might reconsider his opposition to a federal Superfund cleanup declaration for a huge abandoned mine contaminated with toxic waste and uranium.
4	Indictments Using DNA on Rise Nationally (AP)AP - Authorities once had no choice but to drop rape cases if they weren't able to catch a suspect before the statute of limitations expired. But prosecutors across the country increasingly are buying themselves time, keeping cold cases alive by indicting unidentified rapists using their DNA profiles.
4	Southeast Coast Sees Fewer Turtle Nests (AP)AP - About half the usual number of loggerhead turtles have nested between North Carolina and Florida this season, and scientists have no explanation for the drop.
4	Company Said to Be Ready to Clone Pets (AP)AP - A company that unveiled the world's first cloned cat nearly three years ago now says it is ready to start filling orders for cloned pets, a newspaper reported Thursday.
4	Deep-Sea Vessel Puts Ocean Floor in Reach (AP)AP - A new deep-sea research vessel will be able to carry people to 99 percent of the ocean floor, diving deeper than the famed Alvin that pioneered the study of seafloor vents, plate tectonics and deep ocean creatures over the past 40 years.
4	Chorus Frog Found Croaking in Virginia (AP)AP - The Southern chorus frog has been found in southeastern Virginia, far outside its previously known range. The animal had never before been reported north of Beaufort County, N.C., about 125 miles to the south.
4	Expedition to Probe Gulf of Mexico (AP)AP - Scientists will use advanced technology never before deployed beneath the sea as they try to discover new creatures, behaviors and phenomena in a 10-day expedition to the Gulf of Mexico's deepest reaches.
4	Feds Accused of Exaggerating Fire Impact (AP)AP - The Forest Service exaggerated the effect of wildfires on California spotted owls in justifying a planned increase in logging in the Sierra Nevada, according to a longtime agency expert who worked on the plan.
4	New Method May Predict Quakes Weeks Ahead (AP)AP - Swedish geologists may have found a way to predict earthquakes weeks before they happen by monitoring the amount of metals like zinc and copper in subsoil water near earthquake sites, scientists said Wednesday.
4	Marine Expedition Finds New Species (AP)AP - Norwegian scientists who explored the deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean said Thursday their findings  #151; including what appear to be new species of fish and squid  #151; could be used to protect marine ecosystems worldwide.
4	Annual Study Finds Rise in Beach Closures (AP)AP - The number of days that beaches closed or posted warnings because of pollution rose sharply in 2003 due to more rainfall, increased monitoring and tougher standards, an environmental group said on Thursday.
4	Pacific May Be Seeing New El Nino (AP)AP - Warming water temperatures in the central equatorial Pacific last month may indicate the start of a new El Nino.
4	Cassini Spacecraft Sees Saturn Lightning (AP)AP - The Cassini spacecraft's mission to Saturn has revealed a new radiation belt around the ringed planet and found that lightning in its atmosphere is occurring in different patterns than it did when NASA's Voyagers flew by in the early 1980s, scientists said.
4	Poachers Putting Endangered Rhinos at Risk (AP)AP - Gangs of poachers in Congo have been slaughtering the world's minuscule population of northern white rhinos, reducing the population by about one-half in just more than a year, a key conservation organization said Friday.
4	Experts Downplay Texas Shark Attacks (AP)AP - Three shark attacks off the Texas coast in the past two months are unusual but don't mean there are more sharks than normal along the beach or that they are getting bolder, marine biologists and other experts say.
4	Study Says Birds Feed Other Birds' Young (AP)AP - It's a lesson many little humans could learn from baby birds: Sometimes, being nice to other youngsters pays off. Brown-headed cowbirds, like several other bird species, leave their eggs in the nests of other birds, who then feed and raise the cowbird chicks.
4	Canadian Team Joins Rocket Launch Contest (AP)AP - The  #36;10 million competition to send a private manned rocket into space started looking more like a race Thursday, when a Canadian team announced plans to launch its rocket three days after an American group intends to begin qualifying for the Ansari X prize.
4	Universities to Build Largest Telescope (AP)AP - The University of Texas and Texas A amp;M University are planning to construct what they call the world's largest telescope with the help of a Houston businessman's  #36;1.25 million gift.
4	Mauritanian Capital Battles Locust Swarm (AP)AP - Residents burned tires and trash in the streets Thursday trying to drive off swarms of locusts descending on the region in what a U.N. agency called the worst sub-Saharan invasion in more than a decade.
4	Customers of Telco Companies Face Privacy BreachA security advisory posted on Bugtraq demonstrates how hackers can compromise customers of T-mobile wireless and Verizon (landline) voicemail boxes. The advisory talks about the use of Caller-ID spoofing the customers number, allowing a bypass of the PIN code since the voicemail thinks that the customer is calling to check their own voicemail. According to Secure Science Corporation, there has been no response from the vendors. Comments have been posted that T-Mobile has optional PIN code protection off by default. Better turn it on.
4	Mozilla To Add Support For XForms, World YawnsIt's ironic that Microsoft could help further cement its dominance in the browser market by joining its largest rival in an effort to support web standards.  nbsp;At the same time, that act would go a long way towards improving the web in general for developers and users alike.
4	Junk faxes to be legalized as  quot;opt-out? quot;The Register ran a story on August 6th called 'Phone spam misery looms stateside.' It seems that there's legislative nastiness underway in Washington, DC to essentially gut the existing junk fax law, and replace it with a marketer's wet dream.
4	Biased Against Whom?Liberal bias versus right-wing conspiracy is a wonderful distraction. There is evidence enough on both sides. How can opposite claims be true? Confront a physicist with evidence supporting contradictory hypotheses and she will go looking for a more basic cause. Let's try that.
4	The Visual World of Michel GondryA month ago I was introduced to the works of Michel Gondry.  In short, I was amazed and tantalized by his short films and music videos.  Even if you haven't heard of him, you've probably seen his many works in Gap commercials, various music videos, and the recent movie Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.    Many of his works explode with visual elements that, when taken alone, are simple and mundane.  However, under his masterful guidance, these elements come together to form a highly mesmerizing visual experience.  He never ceases to push visual technologies and challenge our ideas about the visual medium.
4	The Austral-Asian Strike FighterThe Australian Defence Force must defend and project across an air-sea gap. This requires long range autonomous strike weaponry. The Joint Strike Fighter does not solve this issue and detrimentally places added pressure on Australia's limited force of aerial refuelling assets. The world's defence manufacturers are not creating strike platforms that solve Australian needs. For this reason, Australia needs to look to other nations with similar defence needs. In this case, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan all face defending an air-sea gap. Australia should enter a partnership with these nations to create a strike fighter that satisfies the strategic needs of defending an air-sea gap. The benefits of such a partnership will be many.
4	Insecurity: (Or Why Americans Aren't Feeling The Recovery)The New Republic's website is currently carrying an interesting piece which tries to explain the anomaly that although the US economy is growing, a lot of its citizens are still feeling worse off. The article explains the results of a 40 year panel study which has shown that although mean incomes have increased, income variability has increased massively, causing many Americans to feel less well off, despite the growing economy.
4	The Great K5 Limerick ContestQueue submissions being scarce, I suggest we all submit limericks for consideration.  Mod up your favorites.    I'm no poet, so I'll submit a favorite of my childhood:    There was a young woman named Bright,  Who traveled much faster than light    She set out one day  In a relative way    And returned on the previous night.    I'm afraid I don't remember the author.
4	RuntimeProperties... Reflection from System Properties\\Java developers often load system properties to customize the runtime behavior\of their applications.\\For example a develoepr could define a 'max_connections' system property to\define the maximum number of TCP connections that their application server can\support.  While nice, this prevents all other applications from using this\variable name.\\The first reaction to this would be to namespace your variable names.  Instead\of using max_connections you would now use\'my.application.Server.MAX_CONNECTIONS' as your property name.  This works of\course but now you have to load this property on startup.\\public static int MAX_CONNECTIONS = Integer.parseInt( System.getProperty(\my.application.Se ...\\
4	Thank You IBM!\\I just wanted to say thanks to IBM for Open Sourcing  Cloudscape .\\You guys really have your act together.  Keep up the good work!\\
4	LinuxWorld, IDs, and Privacy\\Today Jonathan Moore  and I headed over to LinuxWorld after lunch to see what\kind of cool hardware and Linux hacks they had on the expo floor.\\Only \$15 to get in the door so I figure why not.\\I'm a bit of a privacy freak.  When you're trading some security for liberty\there are situations where it *might* be worth it.  In situations of extreme\violence having the police by your side might be a good idea.  \\I think we can all agree that trading liberty for *nothing* isn't worth it.\This country was *founded* on liberty after the British were abusing their\colonial powers.  Every true American should cherish their liberty and think\long and hard about just turning them over for no reason.\ ...\\
4	My Blog as a Time Machine\\I'm starting to realize that my blog is a bit of a time machine.  For example I\can create a blog entry to warn myself about something that WILL happen in the\future.  \\My current NTP  blog entry is a good example.  I wrote this for myself as\much as for the people who read my blog (or find me via Google).\\I know for sure that NTP on Debian is going to bite me sometime in the future\and I'm going to forget WHY.  Then I'm going to (of course) go to Google or my\aggregator and search for NTP and then find my blog post.  \\I've done this about a dozen times now and its saved me a TON of time!\\
4	NTP in Debian\\The Network Time Daemon (NTP  Daemon) implementation within Debian leaves a\lot to be desired.\\First off they don't include it with a working config.  You have to create your\own /etc/ntpd.conf.  To make matters worse the configuration doesn't accept DNS\names so you have to manually enter IPs.  Fun.  I can understand that they might\not want to provide ONE configuration and overwhelm one or two NTP servers but\they can provide a dynamic config that balances load among all available\servers.  There is of course the public serves list  but you have to Google\for it.\\All you really need to do here is enter a list of servers:\\server time.nist.gov\\server 192.43.244.18\
4	Pretty Log4J\\I've been a big fan of Log4J  for a while now but haven't migrated any code\over for one central reason.  The following line of code:\\    final static Logger logger = Logger.getLogger( some.name );\\... is amazingly ugly and difficult to work with.\\Most people use Log4J with a logger based on the classname:\\So we would probably see:\\    static Logger logger = Logger.getLogger( org.apache.commons.feedparser.locate.FeedLocator );\\Which is amazingly verbose.  A lot of developers shorten this to:\\    static Logger logger = Logger.getLogger( FeedLocator.class );\\But this still leaves us with cut and paste errors.\\What if we could just reduce it to:\\    static Logger logger = Logger.g ...\\
4	Saudis: Bin Laden associate surrenders\\(CNN) -- A longtime associate of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden surrendered to\Saudi Arabian officials Tuesday, a Saudi Interior Ministry official said.\\But it is unclear what role, if any, Khaled al-Harbi may have had in any terror\attacks because no public charges have been filed against him.\\The Saudi government -- in a statement released by its embassy in Washington --\called al-Harbi's surrender the latest direct result of its limited, one-month\offer of leniency to terror suspects.\\This is great!  I hope this really starts to pay off.  Creative solutions to\terrorism that don't involve violence.  \\How refreshing! \\Are you paying attention Bush administration?\\
4	Mozilla Exceptions (mexception)\\For some reason I never released this code.\\I developed it while working on NewsMonster and just forgot I think\\It's an extension for Mozilla that allows you to see all runtime exceptions\(with full stack traces) that are unhandled by Mozilla. \\Just install it and if your code generates an unhandled exception it will show\up in the logs and on the console.\\Very handy for doing any hardcore Mozilla development.\\
4	Ron Regan Jr is My Kinda Guy\\Now that the country is awash in Reagan nostalgia, some observers are predicting\that you will enter politics. Would you like to be president of the United\States?\\I would be unelectable. I'm an atheist. As we all know, that is something\people won't accept.\\What would you do if Senator Kerry asked you to be his vice president?\\I would question his sanity.\\Do you ever go to church?\\No. I visit my wife's sangha.\\So you sometimes practice Buddhism?\\I don't claim anything. But my sympathies would be in that direction. I admire\the fact that the central core of Buddhist teaching involves mindfulness and\loving kindness and compassion.\\So lets get this straight.  He's an a ...\\
4	Al Qaeda member surrenders\\RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (CNN) -- One of Saudi Arabia's most wanted militants has\turned himself into the authorities, the first senior suspect to surrender under\a one-month government amnesty announced last week.\\Othman Al-Omari, number 19 on Saudi Arabia's most wanted list of 26, accepted\King Fahd's offer of amnesty, which was made last week, according to Saudi\sources Monday.\\Al-Omari, who turned himself in on Sunday night, was a business partner of\Shaban Al Shihri -- the first al Qaeda member to accept the offer when he turned\himself in Friday.\\When I first saw this I was really upset.  I thought that it would certainly\lead to more violence if they just let terrorists off the ...\\
4	Mission Accomplished!\\BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Members of Iraq's interim government took an oath of\office Monday just hours after the United States returned the nation's\sovereignty, two days ahead of schedule.\\Led by Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, each member of the new\government placed a hand on the Koran and promised to serve with sincerity and\impartiality. Iraqi flags lined the wall behind them.\\Iraq!  Now with 100 less Coalition Provisional Authority!  Act now and get a\free Weapon of Mass Destruction (offer only available in Syria, Jordan, Saudi\Arabia, Pakistan, Syria and Iran).\\Also check out our new Puppet Government!  Keeps the kids occupied for hours!\\
4	Java3D - Half Right\\SUN has announced that Java3D will be released in a different manner than any\other SUN project in existence.\\We announce the availability of the source code for the Java 3D API on\java.net.  We are involving developers in the evolution of the Java 3D API.\Come join the Java 3D projects on java.net, and download the source code for\the core Java 3D API, vecmath, the Java 3D core utilities, and the Java 3D\program examples.\\The key thing here is that they have provided the core utils under a BSD license\and even have the CVS available .\\Good job SUN!  You're headed in the right direction!\\Here's the only problem:\\We are releasing the source code for the j3d-core and vecmath projects u ...\\
4	Reverse Psychology\\I really hope SUN doesn't Open Source Java at JavaOne this year.  It would be a\terrible decision and seriously hurt the tech industry.  Also, it would hurt SUN\and I'm sure their responsible enough to realize this.\\(Lets hope that works!)\\
4	Kerry's Disgusting Ad\\A few days ago Kerry sent around this ad:\\Yesterday, the Bush-Cheney campaign, losing any last sense of decency, placed\a disgusting ad called The Faces of John Kerry's Democratic Party as the\main feature on its website. Bizarrely, and without explanation, the ad places\Adolf Hitler among those faces.\\The Bush-Cheney campaign must pull this ad off of its website. The use of\Adolf Hitler by any campaign, politician or party is simply wrong.\\Which of course is a mistake.  I went and downloaded the video (which is just\stupid btw.  Not a masterpiece by any means.) and there are shots of Hitler in\there, but only from the MoveOn contest from a few months back.\\Here's the problem.  The ...\\
4	What would Baby Jesus Think?\\On Tuesday, Cheney, serving in his role as president of the Senate, appeared in\the chamber for a photo session. A chance meeting with Sen. Patrick J. Leahy\(Vt.), the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, became an argument about\Cheney's ties to Halliburton Co., an international energy services corporation,\and President Bush's judicial nominees. The exchange ended when Cheney offered\some crass advice.\\'Fuck yourself,' said the man who is a heartbeat from the presidency.\\Wonder what the moral majority has to say about this?\\It isn't profanity!  Its a freedom praise!\\
4	Americans and Freedom\\When we Americans first began, our biggest danger was clearly in view: we knew\from the bitter experience with King George III that the most serious threat to\democracy is usually the accumulation of too much power in the hands of an\Executive, whether he be a King or a president. Our ingrained American distrust\of concentrated power has very little to do with the character or persona of the\individual who wields that power. It is the power itself that must be\constrained, checked, dispersed and carefully balanced, in order to ensure the\survival of freedom. In addition, our founders taught us that public fear is the\most dangerous enemy of democracy because under the right circumstances it ...\\
4	Why Windows isn't Unix\\I first heard about this from one of the developers of the hit game SimCity, who\told me that there was a critical bug in his application: it used memory right\after freeing it, a major no-no that happened to work OK on DOS but would not\work under Windows where memory that is freed is likely to be snatched up by\another running application right away. The testers on the Windows team were\going through various popular applications, testing them to make sure they\worked OK, but SimCity kept crashing. They reported this to the Windows\developers, who disassembled SimCity, stepped through it in a debugger, found\the bug, and added special code that checked if SimCity was running, and if it\did ...\\
4	Microsoft, IE and Bloat\\Zawodny  threads off of Scoble  on the IE issue:\\I have to say, when I first read that I nearly fell off my chair laughing. I was\thinking how stupid ARE these IE guys?!?!?! But we all know that Microsoft is\full of smart people who care about what they're doing. So something really\doesn't compute here.\\Last time I checked, IE wasn't even close to feature parity with Mozilla's\browsers. No popup blocking, no tabbed browsing, etc.\\Does the IE team really not know what their product is missing?\\Perhaps.  It's highly likely that they just don't know.\\The bigger issue here is that Microsoft products can't fail and they can't\succeed.  Microsoft has 40-50 billion in the bank.  There ...\\
4	DRM is doubleplus good for business, Congress advisedThe Budget Office and the case of the disappearing public interest
4	HP: The Adaptive Enterprise that can't adapt&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; SAP hardly to blame
4	Buffy the Censor Slayer&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Readers drive stake through parents' group
4	Ashlee Vance: the readers have spoken&lt;strong&gt;Poll results&lt;/strong&gt; Bright news for resident &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; ladyboy
4	&lt;em&gt;El Reg&lt;/em&gt; pledges to name BSA antipiracy weasel&lt;strong&gt;Competition&lt;/strong&gt; Get those suggestions in
4	Wireless net to get speed boostWireless computer networks could soon be running 10 times faster than they do now.
4	Watchdog rules over broadband The UK's ad watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband.
4	GameBoy mini-games win prizeA set of GameBoy micro-games is named as the most innovative game of the year at a festival in Scotland.
4	Microsoft takes down SP2 sharersMicrosoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.
4	Long-awaited Doom 3 hits the UKDoom 3 goes on sale in the UK at a time of renewed concerns over violence in video games.
4	Britons embrace digital lifestylePeople in the UK are spending more time and money going digital, says communications watchdog Ofcom.
4	PlayStation potential to learningThe PlayStation games console could be developed into a learning tool for children, says a Northumberland head teacher.
4	'Invisible' technology for OlympicsGetting the technology in place for Athens 2004 is an Olympic task in itself.
4	Satellite boosts Olympic securityAn enhanced satellite location system aims to help Olympic security guards react more quickly to emergencies.
4	3D holograms to crack forgeriesA 3D hologram technique could transform how experts spot forged signatures and other handwritten documents.
4	Video games 'good for children'Computer games can promote problem-solving and team-building in children, say games industry experts.
4	Fake goods tempting young adultsYoung people are increasingly happy to buy pirated goods or illegal download content from the net, a survey shows.
4	Catwoman far from perfectThe Catwoman game is a major disappointment that feels like a pointless tie-in with the film.
4	'Madden,' 'ESPN' Football Score in Different Ways PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Was absenteeism a little high  on Tuesday among the guys at the office? EA Sports would like  to think it was because Madden NFL 2005 came out that day,  and some fans of the football simulation are rabid enough to  take a sick day to play it.
4	AOL to Sell Cheap PCs to Minorities and Seniors NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online on Thursday said it  plans to sell a low-priced PC targeting low-income and minority  households who agree to sign up for a year of dialup Internet  service.
4	Microsoft to Introduce Cheaper Version of Windows SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; said it will  begin selling a stripped-down, low-cost version of its Windows  XP operating system in the emerging markets of Indonesia,  Malaysia and Thailand in order to spread the use of computing  and develop technology markets.
4	Companies Approve New High-Capacity Disc Format LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A group of consumer electronics  makers said on Wednesday they approved the format for a new  generation of discs that can store five times the data of DVDs  at the same cost -- enough to put a full season of The  Sopranos on one disc.
4	Missing June Deals Slow to Return for Software Cos. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The mystery of what went wrong for the  software industry in late June when sales stalled at more than  20 brand-name companies is not even close to being solved  although the third quarter is nearly halfway over.
4	Microsoft Upgrades Software for Digital Pictures SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; released on  Tuesday the latest version of its software for editing and  organizing digital photographs and images to tap into  widespread demand for digital cameras and photography.
4	Google to Pay Yahoo to Settle Patent Dispute SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;GOOG.O&gt; on Monday again  boosted the number of shares it plans to sell in its initial  public offering, saying it will issue 2.7 million shares to  Yahoo Inc. &lt;YHOO.O&gt; to settle a lawsuit over technology used to  display ads.
4	A Digital Doctor Treats Computer ContaminationUnfortunately for users, computer equipment manufacturers and resellers don't adequately inform Windows users of the risks involved in accessing the Internet without proper security measures.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica size=-2\ color=#666666&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
4	'SP2' a Must With XP UseService Pack 2, SP2 for short, aims to stop viruses, worms, browser hijackings and worse by including security features that people have to add and adjust on their own. &lt;FONT face=verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica size=-2\ color=#666666&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
4	Putting Your Own Stamp On All Your ParcelsFido the Stamp is here. Well, he could be -- all it takes is for one dog owner to snap a digital photo of his beloved pooch, submit it to the Stamps.com Web site and order personalized postage. &lt;FONT face=verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica size=-2\ color=#666666&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
4	Internet Challenges Face-to-Face MinglingAt Bungalow Billiards in Chantilly on Wednesday, about a dozen single parents from Northern Virginia gathered at happy hour to mingle, eat and drink. All were divorced or widowed members of the Fairfax chapter of Parents Without Partners.
4	Forecast: Plenty of Activity On the Weather Blog FrontIf it's possible to love something just because it could visit torrents upon the Washington region, fling hail from the skies and swell streams into rivers, then Jason Samenow is smitten.
4	Google Starts AuctionCompany launched the biggest electronic auction of stock in Wall Street history Friday but warned that it could face legal liability from a Playboy magazine interview in which some aspects of the Internet search engine's performance were overstated. &lt;FONT face=verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica size=-2\ color=#666666&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
4	Bids Placed Despite Mixed NewsUmesh Patel, a 36-year old software engineer from California, debated until the last minute.
4	Antitrust Lawyer Takes Helm at FTCAs Deborah P. Majoras takes over the Federal Trade Commission on Monday, she's expected to build on the broad agenda set by her predecessor, Timothy J. Muris.
4	GAO Calls Stryker Too Heavy for TransportThe Army's new medium-weight armored vehicle, the Stryker, weighs so much that it curtails the range of C-130 military cargo aircraft that carry it and under certain conditions make it impossible for the planes to take off, a new report for Congress found.
4	BioVeris Settles 2 Lawsuits Against Chief Executive's SonBioVeris Corp. announced yesterday that it settled two lawsuits against Jacob N. Wohlstadter, its chief executive's son, whom the company had accused of spending millions of dollars on cars and real estate to sabotage a joint venture he ran so he could purchase it for a bargain price.
4	Google: Now Playboy's Latest BunnyInvestors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if the founders of Google Inc. continue to do things like show up in Playboy magazine around the same time their company is going public. &lt;FONT face=verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica size=-2\ color=#666666&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
4	EBay Buys Stake in CraigslistInternet auctioneer eBay Inc. said Friday it acquired a 25 percent stake in craigslist, an online community of classified ads and forums. &lt;FONT face=verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica size=-2\ color=#666666&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
4	Blog InterruptedThe instant message blinked on the computer at Jessica Cutler's desk in the Russell Senate Office Building. Oh my God, you're famous.
4	Hungry world 'must eat less meat'People will need to eat more vegetables and less meat because of dwindling water supplies, scientists say.
4	Hopes soar for solo record planeRichard Branson says the Virgin Global Flyer is looking good for its solo trip around the world without refuelling.
4	Arctic team reaches destinationA team of British explorers, who are retracing the steps of a Victorian  pioneer, have reached Thom Bay.
4	Shuttle camera to watch fuel tankThe space shuttle's external fuel tank, implicated in the 2003 Columbia disaster, is to get its own camera.
4	Hubble peers at celestial bubbleThe Hubble Space Telescope has looked into a bubble of gas and dust being inflated by a young star's particles.
4	Bacteria gives coral orange glowOrange coral common to the Caribbean has bacteria to thank for its hue, say US marine scientists.
4	Honey bees close museum A Worcestershire museum is forced to close for several weeks while a swarm of honey bees is removed.
4	Clouds dash Perseids showThe annual Perseid meteor shower could provide a spectacular show, despite a disappointing start.
4	Worms may slow Parkinson'sA protein which helps increase lifespan in worms offers hope for new Parkinson's and Alzheimer's treatments.
4	Nasa help for stem cell studyUK tissue engineering experts are teaming up with NASA to find treatments for diseases back on Earth.
4	TB test to slash infection ratesA rapid and accurate test for TB could cut infection rates around the world, say experts.
4	Scientists given cloning go-aheadThe first request by British scientists to clone human embryos has been granted by experts.
4	Vandals damage bird reserveA disturbance free zone for nesting birds is put at risk by vandals who cut down the boundary fence.
4	Heat waves set to become 'brutal'Heat waves in the 21st Century will be more intense, more frequent and longer, US experts say.
4	Monkeys test 'hardworking gene'Scientists in the United States find a way to turn lazy monkeys into workaholics using gene therapy.
1	Ex-Chess Champion Fischer to Marry Japanese Woman TOKYO (Reuters) - In a bold gambit worthy of the chess  champion he once was, Bobby Fischer plans to wed a four-time  Japanese great in the hope of avoiding deportation home to the  United States, where he is wanted for breaking sanctions.
1	Heiress Nicky Hilton Marries in VegasLAS VEGAS - Nicky Hilton, the hotel heiress and socialite, has tied the knot with her beau in a late-night ceremony, according to court filings obtained by The Associated Press.    Hilton, 20, married New York money manager Todd Andrew Meister, 33, at the Las Vegas Wedding Chapel early Sunday, according a Clark County marriage license...
1	Anarchists' Convention Debates VotingATHENS, Ohio - A group of anarchists is taking an unusual step to make its political voice heard - going to the polls.    Anarchists generally pride themselves on their rejection of government and its authority...
1	U.S. Embassy in Malaysia Has Anthrax Scare (AP)AP - Authorities are testing a suspicious powder mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Malaysia to determine whether it is anthrax, officials said Monday after the second such scare at a U.S. mission in Asia within a week.
1	Suspicious Powder Found at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (Reuters) - An envelope containing  suspicious white powder and threats against Americans was  delivered to the U.S. embassy in Malaysia, prompting health  checks on three staff, the embassy and police said Monday.
1	Megawati Defends Achievements Ahead of Vote JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Megawati  Sukarnoputri, trying to maintain momentum in a tight election  battle, said Monday her government had stabilized the economy  and cracked down hard on militants and separatists.
1	Syrian Rights Activist to Be Released Pending Trial DAMASCUS (Reuters) - A Syrian court has agreed to release  on bail a prominent rights activist who faces trial on charges  of tarnishing the image of the Arab state by publishing false  information, one of his lawyers said Monday.
1	Commuter tackles bad train service by starting own railway (AFP)AFP - Grumbling about trains is part of the way of life, but one commuter has decided to do something about it -- by starting his own railway.
1	Israel turns up heat on prisonersIsrael launches psychological war against hundreds of Palestinian inmates on hunger strike for better conditions.
1	Grieving families cremate dead after Assam bombing (Reuters)Reuters - Grieving relatives on Monday cremated victims, mostly women and children, of a separatist bombing in northeastern India, while hundreds of angry people rallied against the rising bloodshed.
1	Chechnya marks 'special' birthdayThe authorities in war-torn Chechnya announce cash gifts for boys born on the slain leader's birthday.
1	Chvez Is Declared the Winner in Venezuela ReferendumThe president won the backing of 58 percent of voters, officials said, but the opposition said that the government had cheated.
1	Letter, suspicious powder spark anthrax scare at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Authorities are testing a suspicious powder mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Malaysia to determine whether it's anthrax, officials said Monday. It's the second such scare at a U.S. mission in Asia within a week.
1	Chavez Declares Recall Victory; Foes Claim Fraud CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez on Monday declared victory in a historic  recall referendum on his rule, but his opponents vowed to  challenge vote results they rejected as a gigantic fraud.
1	Singh Wins PGA Championship in PlayoffHAVEN, Wis. - Vijay Singh shot a 4-over 76 to eke into a three-way playoff Sunday, then made his only birdie of the day on the first of three extra holes to beat Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in the PGA Championship at Whistling Straits...
1	Crews Rush to Hurricane-Ravaged FloridaPUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops scattered across Florida Monday to help residents rally from the brunt of Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the state in a dozen years...
1	Stocks Higher Despite Soaring Oil PricesNEW YORK - Wall Street shifted higher Monday as bargain hunters shrugged off skyrocketing oil prices and bought shares following an upbeat sales report from Wal-Mart Stores and a bright outlook from Lowe's.    The Dow Jones industrial average was up 84.07, or 0.9 percent, at 9,909.42, after edging 0.1 percent higher last week...
1	China  Condemns Whistle-BlowerA Communist Party whistle-blower who created a national sensation in China by publicly accusing his superiors of tolerating official corruption has been condemned for breaking party rules and ordered to do a complete self-examination, authorities announced.
1	Superstar's uncivil behavior is criminal (Chicago Tribune)Chicago Tribune - Pop stars are no strangers to bad behavior. Smashed guitars, ruined hotel rooms--such misdeeds often are chuckled over later, written up in the tabloids, perhaps listed on invoices for damage. Not so in Russia, where the public expects its performers to remember that they walk in Tchaikovsky's footsteps.
1	Canada must help raise profile of development issues in Africa: Goodale (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada intends to return to the forefront on African development issues, beginning with a renewed effort at helping the troubled continent grow out of poverty, says Finance Minister Ralph Goodale.
1	Govt likely to cut oil product duties - official (Reuters)Reuters - The government is expected to slash customs and excise duties on petroleum products in a bid to control inflation without hurting the profitability of oil firms, an oil industry official said on Monday.
1	National pharmacare program would reduce hospital waiting lists: McGuinty (Canadian Press)Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A national pharmacare program funded by the federal  government would indirectly result in shorter waiting lists, Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty said Monday.
1	Losses and Lessons for Bush and Kerry (Los Angeles Times)Los Angeles Times - They lost at politics at an early age. Since then, they've rarely made the same campaign mistakes twice.
1	Pakistan Military Plays Down 'Terror Summit' Report ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan's military Monday played  down a report in the latest edition of Time magazine describing  what it called a summit of terrorists held in March in  lawless tribal areas bordering Afghanistan.
1	Trial on Private Prison in Afghanistan Is UnderwayJonathan Keith Jack Idema, the American accused of running a free-lance anti-terror operation and private prison in Afghanistan, testified in court Monday that he could prove U.S. and Afghan authorities were fully aware of his actions.
1	Bush's Withdrawal Plan Could Draw VotesWASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in Iraq and Afghanistan...
1	Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave ShrineBAGHDAD, Iraq - Delegates at Iraq's National Conference called Monday for radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to abandon his uprising against U.S. and Iraqi troops and pull his fighters out of a holy shrine in Najaf...
1	Phelps to Take on Thorpe in Busy NightATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps, still smarting after America's upset loss to South Africa in the 400 freestyle relay, returned to the pool Monday and qualified fastest for the Olympic 200-meter butterfly. Phelps' quest to break Mark Spitz's record of seven gold medals at the 1972 Munich Games was dashed with the Americans' bronze medal in the relay Sunday night...
1	Haas, Cink Selected for Ryder Cup TeamMILWAUKEE - Jay Haas became the second-oldest player to be on the Ryder Cup team, joining Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks Monday for a U.S. team that will try to regain the cup from Europe next month...
1	Florida Hurricane Death Toll Rises to 17PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops scattered across Florida Monday to dig out victims of Hurricane Charley and deliver water and other supplies to thousands of people left homeless...
1	Stocks Sharply Higher on Dip in Oil PricesNEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's prompted new bargain-hunting on Wall Street Monday, sending stocks sharply higher. The Dow climbed more than 110 points in morning trading...
1	Speed Up Saddam's Trial, Allawi Tells Court (Reuters)Reuters - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi\urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against\toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his close aides.
1	China Typhoon Death Toll Rises; 40 Missing (AP)AP - China raised its official death toll from Typhoon Rananim to at least 147 on Monday, as villagers with farm tools dug through massive landslides searching for 40 people still missing.
1	Speed Up Saddam's Trial, Allawi Tells Court BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi  urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against  toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his close aides.
1	Singer 'may move to French jail'French rock star Bertrand Cantat could return home from Lithuania to complete his jail term for killing his lover.
1	What is this Man Plotting?A newly revealed summit of terrorists raises fears of a fresh plan to attack the U.S. This bombmaker and pilot could be a key player
1	Bombs explode at Nepal luxury hotel, no casualties (Reuters)Reuters - A man on a bicycle threw at least four bombs into the compound of a luxury hotel in Nepal's capital on Monday but the blasts caused no casualties, authorities said.
1	AdWatch: Bush Raps Kerry on Intel Reform (AP)AP - Details of new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Monday:
1	Bicycle Bomber Attacks Nepal Hotel KATHMANDU, Nepal (Reuters) - A man on a bicycle threw at  least four bombs into the compound of a luxury hotel in Nepal's  capital Monday but the blasts caused no casualties, authorities  said.
1	Donkey cart beats out Porsche in Portuguese road race (AFP)AFP - A donkey cart beat a Porsche in a race held in a northern Portuguese city over the weekend to see which mode of transportation could best handle car congestion.
2	Chinese End Venus's Doubles Bid ATHENS (Reuters) - Venus Williams's bid for a second  successive Olympic doubles tennis gold ended on Monday when she  and stand-in partner Chanda Rubin lost 7-5, 1-6, 6-3 to Chinese  eighth seeds Li Ting and Sun Tian Tian in the first round.
2	Olympics: Japan Sneak Through to Win Men's Team Gold ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan revived memories of their glorious  gymnastics past when they upstaged favorites China and United  States to snatch the Olympic men's team gold for the first time  in 28 years Monday.
2	Overlooked U.S. Men's Gymnasts Take Silver (AP)AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand. The American men's gymnastics program, long overlooked and often unappreciated, won Olympic silver Monday, capping a four-year rebuilding project to take home a medal for the first time since the boycotted 1984 Games.
2	Phelps Upbeat Despite End of Seven-Gold Dream ATHENS (Reuters) - The dream of emulating Mark Spitz's  seven Olympic gold medals is over for Michael Phelps but the  American refused to be disappointed after finishing third in  the most eagerly-awaited race of the Athens Games Monday.
2	Gold at Last for U.S. Swimmer Coughlin ATHENS (Reuters) - Natalie Coughlin's run of bad luck  finally took a turn for the better when she won the gold medal  in the women's 100 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics  Monday.
2	Thorpe Wins Men's 200 FreestyleAustralia's Ian Thorpe soared past Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands to win the most anticipated race of the Olympics. Michael Phelps finished third.
2	Outfielder Shane Spencer Rejoins YankeesRecently released outfielder Shane Spencer rejoined the Yankees on Monday, signing a minor league contract after working out at their spring training complex.
2	U.S. Ryder Cup Team Roster SetGoing with experience, Hal Sutton named Jay Haas and Stewart Cink as captain's selections for this year's United States Ryder Cup team.
2	Only Three Golds - U.S. Misfires in Early Days in Athens ATHENS (Reuters) - Told to avoid inflaming anti-American  sentiment, U.S. athletes may have toned down the bravado too  much in the early days of the Athens Games.
2	Beach Volleyball: Australia in with a Shout ATHENS (Reuters) - To prepare for the Olympics, Kerri  Pottharst practiced serving with her team mate screaming in her  ear.
2	Players Union Challenges Carter's Release (AP)AP - The NFL Players Association has gotten involved in Quincy Carter's release by the Dallas Cowboys.
2	League-Leading Galaxy Fires Coach (AP)AP - The Los Angeles Galaxy fired coach Sigi Schmid on Monday despite leading Major League Soccer with 34 points.
2	Thorpe Reigns Supreme in Athens Pool, Phelps Grabs Bronze ATHENS (Reuters) - Ian Thorpe became Australia's greatest  Olympian and staked a claim to being the best swimmer of his  generation when he won the race of the century at Athens on  Monday.
2	Celtics Still Waiting to Hear From Payton (AP)AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
2	NFL Players Association Files Grievance Over Carter Release (Reuters)Reuters - The NFL Players Association\Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the\recent release of quarterback Quincy Carter, claiming the\organization was in violation of the league's collective\bargaining agreement.
2	NFL Players Association Files Grievance Over Carter Release WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - The NFL Players Association  Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the  recent release of quarterback Quincy Carter, claiming the  organization was in violation of the league's collective  bargaining agreement.
2	Lankford Accepts Minor League Assignment (AP)AP - St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Ray Lankford accepted a minor league assignment to Triple-A Memphis on Monday, nine days after leaving the team to consider his career options.
2	NFL Players Union Files Carter Grievance (AP)AP - The NFL Players Association filed a grievance Monday against the Dallas Cowboys on behalf of Quincy Carter, claiming the quarterback was released by the team for reasons not permitted in the NFL collective bargaining agreement.
2	Mientkiewicz Starts at Second for BoSox (AP)AP - Former Gold Glove first baseman Doug Mientkiewicz got a rough introduction in his first career start at second base.
2	Thorpedo Sinks Phelps' Shot at Spitz Mark (AP)AP - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo  #151; and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after just three events, doomed by another bronze Monday night in the most anticipated race at the Olympic pool  #151; the head-to-head showdown with Australia's Ian Thorpe in the 200-meter freestyle.
2	Giants' Nen Still Hoping to Pitch in 2005 (AP)AP - It's approaching two years since Robb Nen last pitched in the majors, but he still believes he can do it again  #151; despite his troublesome right shoulder.
2	Haas and Cink Named as U.S. Ryder Cup Wildcards MILWAUKEE, Wisconsin (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal  Sutton, opting for form and experience, selected Jay Haas and  Stewart Cink as his wildcard picks for next month's match  against Europe.
2	Athletics Win to Hang on to AL West Lead (AP)AP - Mark Redman pitched eight innings of six-hit ball, and the Oakland Athletics used a three-run fifth inning to beat the Baltimore Orioles 3-1 on Monday night.
2	Hewitt, Sluiter, Muller Win at Legg Mason (AP)AP - Lleyton Hewitt breezed to a 6-1, 6-2 win over Kenneth Carlsen Monday night in the first round of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
2	Ivan Hlinka, 54, Czech Coach of Gold Medal Hockey Team, DiesIvan Hlinka coached the Czech Republic to the hockey gold medal at the 1998 Nagano Olympics and became the coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins two years later.
2	Seahawks Defeat Packers 21-3 in Preseason (AP)AP - Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives and the Seahawks took advantage of Tim Couch's dismal debut for Green Bay in a 21-3 exhibition victory over the Packers on Monday night.
2	Streaking Rangers Hold Off Indians 5-2 (AP)AP - Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Monday night.
2	Braves' Chipper Jones Hits 300th Homer (AP)AP - Chipper Jones hit his 300th career home run on Monday night, connecting in the Atlanta Braves' game at San Diego.
2	A's Quiet OriolesThe streaking O's lose for only the third time in 14 games as A's starting pitcher Mark Redman pitches eight strong innings to tame the Orioles, 3-1, on Monday night.
2	Harris Takes the FieldCornerback Walt Harris suits up for his first full practice as a Redskin on Monday after missing minicamp and the first two weeks of training camp.
2	QBs Grab SpotlightChris Simms, the Buccaneers second-year pro competing for Tampa Bay's No. 2 job, completed 12 of 15 passes for 110 yards to help the Bucs to a 20-6 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday.
2	Seahawks Stuff PackersFourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives as the Seahawks defeated the Packers, 21-3, on Monday night.
2	Full Disclosure OrderedThe NFL told its coaches Monday that they must be more specific in reporting injuries to players, saying the current wording of the policy invites action that runs counter to our intent.
2	This Date in Baseball - Aug. 17 (AP)AP - 1904  #151; Jesse Tannehill of the Boston Red Sox pitched a no-hitter, beating the Chicago White Sox 6-0.
2	Sides Still Far ApartWith two fruitless negotiating sessions behind them and only one month left before an NHL lockout, the league and the players association will return to the bargaining table on Tuesday.
2	Marlins Defeat Dodgers 4-2 (AP)AP - Miguel Cabrera homered and Mike Lowell singled home the go-ahead run, helping the Florida Marlins beat the Dodgers 4-2 on Monday night in Paul Lo Duca's return to Los Angeles.
2	AL Wrap: Redman Helps Athletics Maintain AL West Lead NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Redman pitched eight strong  innings as the Oakland Athletics clung on to first place in the  American League West with a 3-1 road win over the Baltimore  Orioles on Monday.
2	NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds (Reuters)Reuters - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth\time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St\Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National\League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
2	NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth  time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St  Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National  League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
2	Celtics Sign Gugliotta, Wait on Payton (AP)AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
3	Stocks Higher on Oil Price Relief (Reuters)Reuters - U.S. stocks gained on Monday, getting\a boost from lower oil prices after news the Venezuelan\president survived a recall eased fears about the country's oil\exports.
3	Intelsat to Be Bought for  #36;5 Billion (Reuters)Reuters - Intelsat Ltd., the world's\second-largest satellite operator, said on Monday it agreed to\be bought by a consortium of four private equity firms for  #36;5\billion, including assumption of  #36;2 billion of debt.
3	Intelsat to Be Bought for \$5 Billion NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intelsat Ltd., the world's  second-largest satellite operator, said on Monday it agreed to  be bought by a consortium of four private equity firms for \$5  billion, including assumption of \$2 billion of debt.
3	Stamps.com Asks You to Picture ThisThe online postage service offers a chance to put personal pictures on official stamps.
3	Will Schwab Reward Patience?The company saw an improvement in its trades, but will this market be kind to the brokerages?
3	Stocks Up, Oil Price Ease Gives Relief NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks climbed on Monday, getting  a boost from lower oil prices after Venezuela's president  declared he had survived a recall referendum, easing fears  about the country's oil exports.
3	KMart Posts Profit; Cash Hits \$2.6 Bln CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit and boosted its  cash pile to \$2.6 billion as it cut spending on advertising and  discounts, sending its stock up 14 percent.
3	No Respite for MicrosoftEuropean antitrust regulators extend their review of Microsoft-Time Warner deal. Also: Gateway plans to sell desktops at CompUSA   hellip;. Vodafone's Japanese unit headhunts an executive from rival NTT DoCoMo   hellip;. and more.
3	Overland Bullish on TechInvestors are dumping tech stocks with abandon. As for Overland Storage, it is a buyer.
3	Lowe's Reports 18 Pct. Hike in Profits ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 2  home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18 percent  increase in second-quarter profit and said earnings for the  rest of the year would top current estimates.
3	Toymakers' Stocks Hit Lows on Downgrade NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of top toy maker Mattel Inc.  &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;MAT.N&lt;/A&gt; and rival Hasbro Inc. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;HAS.N&lt;/A&gt; fell to their lowest  levels at least 14 months on Monday after a downgrade by Lehman  Brothers, which cited deteriorating industry conditions.
3	U.S. Stocks Rebound as Oil Prices Ease NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rebounded on Monday as oil  prices retreated from their highs, while upbeat earnings  announcements from retailers fueled the improved sentiment.
3	Dollar Rises Vs Euro After Asset Data NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar gained against the euro on  Monday after a report on flows into U.S. assets showed enough  of a rise in foreign investments to offset the current account  gap for the month.
3	Venezuela's Chavez Wins Recall Referendum CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum on his divisive  rule in a vote backed on Monday by international observers who  found no element of fraud.
3	Halliburton Says Army Suspends Withhold Threat WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Halliburton said on Monday the U.S.  Army had decided to give the company more time to resolve a  billing dispute before withholding payment of up to 15 percent  of the company's bills in Iraq and Kuwait.
3	Belo Takes Charge for Advertising Refunds NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media company Belo Corp. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;BLC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would refund \$23 million to advertisers because  of a circulation scandal at its Dallas Morning News newspaper,  resulting in a charge against earnings in the current quarter.
3	LifePoint to Buy Rival for \$1 Bln NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rural hospital operator LifePoint  Hospitals Inc. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LPNT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;LPNT.O&lt;/A&gt; agreed to buy rival Province Healthcare  Co. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PRV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;PRV.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.03 billion in cash and stock to broaden its  geographic reach, the companies said on Monday.
3	Venezuela's Chavez Wins Recall Referendum (Reuters)Reuters - Venezuela's left-wing\President Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum on his divisive\rule in a vote backed on Monday by international observers who\found no element of fraud.
3	Private Firms to Buy Intelsat for \$3 Bln PARIS (Reuters) - Four private equity firms plan to buy  Bermuda-based Intelsat for about \$3 billion, the world's  second-largest satellite operator said on Monday.
3	Taco Bell's Blue DewPepsi pushes a blue version of Mountain Dew only at Taco Bell. Is this a winning strategy?
3	Executive CompensationPost staff writer David Hilzenrath and editor Mike Flagg discuss which local executives have the sweetest deals.
3	Kmart: Retail or Real Estate?Lately, the company's retail operation has been lagging behind sales of its locations.
3	Equity Firms to Buy Intelsat for \$3.1 Bln PARIS (Reuters) - Intelsat is to be sold to four private  equity firms for \$3.1 billion, the world's second-largest  satellite operator said on Monday.
3	Halliburton: Army  to Give Company More Time to Resolve Billing DisputeHalliburton said Monday the U.S. Army had decided to give the company more time to resolve a billing dispute before withholding payment of up to 15 percent of the company's bills in Iraq and Kuwait.
3	Sysco Profit Rises; Sales Volume Flat CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sysco Corp. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;SYY.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  distributor of food to restaurants and hospitals, on Monday  said quarterly profit rose as an extra week in the period and  cost control measures helped offset the higher food prices that  were slowing demand.
3	Treasuries Fall as Oil Retreats (Reuters)Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell on\Monday as investors focused on a pullback in oil prices from\record highs and largely shrugged off dismal results from a\regional manufacturing survey.
3	Product Previews, 8/16/2004Novell brings updated kernel to enterprise LinuxTimed to coincide with this years linuxworld expo, Novell has announced SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9. Though Novells SuSE division has marketed a commercial Linux distribution based on the v2.6 kernel, this is the first to be granted the more stringently qualified enterprise designation. Besides kernel-level improvements and the usual collection of updated software packages, this release offers improved fail-over, clustering, and resource management and comes bundled with Novells ZENworks configuration management software for Linux. The company claims that its AutoBuild system allows it to offer identical configurations for a variety of platforms, including x86 (both 32- and 64-bit), Itanium, IBM POWER, and IBM mainframes. Free evaluation downloads are available now and support subscriptions start at \$349 per dual-CPU server.SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9, Novell/SuSE
3	Insurers: Charley Claims at About \$7 Bln NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurers are braced to pay out about  \$7 billion in claims for devastation caused by Hurricane  Charley, making the storm the second most costly after  Hurricane Andrew, industry and government officials said on  Monday.
3	Stocks Bounce Back as Oil Retreats NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rebounded on Monday as  worry about oil prices crunching corporate profits eased when  crude retreated from record highs.
3	Google Could Make Its Market Debut Wed. NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. appeared set  to start trading on Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's No. 1  search engine asked regulators on Monday for final approval to  price its closely watched initial public offering.
3	Google Could Make Its Market Debut Wed. (Reuters)Reuters - Google Inc. appeared set\to start trading on Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's No. 1\search engine asked regulators on Monday for final approval to\price its closely watched initial public offering.
3	Lowe's Net Income Up 18 Percent ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's second  largest home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18  percent increase in second-quarter net income and said earnings  for the rest of the year would top analysts' estimates.
3	Traders Bet Oracle Wins in Antitrust Case CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Options traders have been  building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc.  &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as  investors bet a federal judge will approve Oracle Corp.'s  hostile takeover bid of the business software maker, traders  said on Monday.
3	Krispy Kreme COO Leaves for New Job CHICAGO (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Monday that its chief operating officer is leaving the  company for another job, the latest setback for a company that  is trying to recover from sluggish sales and an accounting  probe.
3	Google IPO statement ready to goGoogle's planned flotation moves another step closer after the company and its underwriters ask the SEC to declare its registration effective.
3	Oil Prices Retreat From a Record High After Chvez VictoryCrude oil for delivery next month settled at \$46.05 a barrel, down 53 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after briefly trading at a new high of \$46.91 early in the day.
3	Google Could Make Market Debut Wednesday NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. appeared set  to start trading on the Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's  No. 1 search engine asked regulators for final approval to  price its closely watched initial public offering.
3	Nortel Says Canada Plans Accounting Probe SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp.  &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF=http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told  the company it will begin a criminal investigation into  Nortel's financial accounting.
3	Brazil Starts to Crack Down on Counterfeit GoodsBrazil stands to lose billions of dollars in trade benefits from the United States if it does not prove by the end of September that it is making progress in combating copyright piracy.
3	Airline Looks to Delay Its Pension PaymentsIn an effort to conserve cash, financially ailing US Airways Group Inc. said Monday that it plans to ask the Internal Revenue Service for permission to delay payments into the pension plans of two of its employee groups.
4	Hearing clue to whale evolutionThe evolution of whales from four-legged land dwellers into streamlined swimmers has been traced in fossilised ears, Nature reports.
4	News: NASA Extends TRMM Operations Through 2004 Hurricane SeasonNASA will extend operation of the Tropical Rainfall\Measuring Mission (TRMM) through the end of 2004, in light of a\recent request from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric\Administration (NOAA).
4	News: Climate Change Could Doom Alaska's TundraIn the next 100 years, Alaska will experience a massive loss of its historic tundra, as global warming allows these vast regions of cold, dry, lands to support forests and other vegetation that will dramatically alter native ecosystems. (Oregon State University press release)
4	News: How Strongly Does the Sun Influence the Climate?Researchers have shown that the Sun can be responsible for, at most, only a small part of the warming over the last 20-30 years. (Max Planck Society press release)
4	News: New England Forests at Greater Risk from Air PollutionWhen it comes to forests, air pollution is not an equal opportunity hazard. While dirty air spreads across large areas of the New England region, it's more scattered in the southeastern part of the United States. (University of Wisconsin-Madison press release)
4	News: Warmer Weather, Human Disturbances Interact to Change ForestsWhile a rapidly changing climate may alter the composition of northern Wisconsin's forests, disturbances such as logging also will play a critical role in how these sylvan ecosystems change over time. (University of Wisconsin-Madison press release)
4	News: Duke Study Disputes Idea that Trees Can 'Relocate' Quickly in Response to Climate ChangeIn a study with implications for how North American trees might respond to a changing climate, molecular information collected by Duke University researchers refutes a widely accepted theory that many of the continent's tree species migrated rapidly from the deep South as glaciers retreated at the end of the last Ice Age. (Duke University press release)
4	News: Droughts Like 1930s Dust Bowl May Have Been Unexceptional in Prehistoric Times, New Study SuggestsEvents like the great Dust Bowl of the 1930s, immortalized in The Grapes of Wrath and remembered as a transforming event for millions of Americans, were regular parts of much-earlier cycles of droughts followed by recoveries in the region, according to new studies by a multi-institutional research team led by Duke University. (Duke University press release)
4	News: New Study to Investigate Demise of Coral Reef EcosystemsScientists are embarking on a project which will explore how global warming is devastating one of the world's most diverse ecosystems, coral reefs. (University of Newcastle press release)
4	Natural Hazards: Typhoon RananimThe MODIS instrument aboard NASA's Terra satellite captured this true-color image of Typhoon Rananim on August 12 at 2:40 UTC.
4	Horseflies and MeteorsLike bugs streaking colorfully down the side window of a moving car, Earthgrazing Perseid meteors could put on a pleasing show after sunset on August 11th.
4	Spinning BrainsOne day, astronauts could zip across the solar system in spinning spaceships.  How will their brains adapt to life onboard a twirling home where strange  quot;Coriolis forces quot; rule?
4	What Neil   Buzz Left on the MoonA cutting-edge Apollo 11 science experiment left behind in the Sea of Tranquility is still running today.
4	Voyager 1, Prepare for ActionAt the outer limits of our solar system, a solar shock wave is about to overtake NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft.
4	Saturn HailstormWhen Cassini reached Saturn On June 30th, it dashed through a gap in Saturn's rings, twice. One of onboard science instruments recorded a flurry of ring-dust harmlessly striking the spacecraft.\\
4	Dino-Size Spurt: T. Rex Teens Gained 5 Pounds a DayNew analysis of fossil bones indicates that adolescent &lt;i&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/i&gt; dinosaurs grew extremely rapidly, quickly reaching gigantic size.
4	Fossils Show How Whales Evolved to Hear UnderwaterWhale fossils found with tiny ear bones reveal for the first time how the ancestors of whales and dolphins developed their acute underwater hearing.
4	Real Danny Deckchairs Soar With Just a Seat and Some BalloonsIn the new movie &lt;i&gt;Danny Deckchair,&lt;/i&gt; a truck driver ties party balloons to a chair and flies away. It's called cluster ballooning, and believe it or not, it's a real sport.
4	Unusually Good Meteor Shower Expected TonightTonight's annual Perseid meteor shower is likely to be a spectacular show of shooting stars zipping across the night sky, according to astronomers.
4	Monster Waves Suprisingly Common, Satellites ShowRogue waves #151;eight or more stories or higher #151;are freaks of the ocean once thought to be tall tales told by sailors. But now scientists have satellite evidence that the massive upwellings are not only real but also fairly common.
4	Ancient Olympians Followed Atkins Diet, Scholar SaysWhat did the first Olympians eat? Food historians are scouring ancient texts to find out.
4	U.S. Warrior Arms Africans to Hunt Sudanese PoachersArmed poachers from Sudan have been raiding and destroying neighboring Central African Republic's wildlife resources for years. Now, with the help of a militant U.S. conservationist, the CAR populace is arming and training itself to fight back.
4	Ancient Olympics Mixed Naked Sports, Pagan PartyingNude athletes, performance-enhancing lizard meat, and animal sacrifices are just a few of the things that separate the ancient Olympics from the modern games, says the author of &lt;i&gt;The Naked Olympics.&lt;/i&gt;
4	Travel Column: Offsetting Air Travel's Greenhouse ImpactGlobal warming is threatening travel destinations worldwide. What's more, travelers themselves are contributing to it. Find out what you can do about it.
4	Magma Surge Moves Nevada Mountain, Study SaysWhy did a Lake Tahoe-area peak move dramatically late last year? A new report says magma deep below surged upward, forcing the mountain to rise.
4	266 Chimps From Lab Adopted by Florida RefugeWith an influx of chimps previously used as laboratory animals, Florida's Center for Captive Chimpanzee Care is transforming into the largest chimp sanctuary in the world #151;almost overnight.
4	Locusts Inspire Technology That May Prevent Car CrashesLocusts are commonly associated with plagues, food shortages, and death. But they are also inspiring what may be the next wave in lifesaving collision-avoidance systems.
4	Progress Supply Ship Docks with Space StationNASA -- An unpiloted Russian cargo ship linked up the International Space Station this morning to deliver almost three tons of food, fuel, oxygen, water and supplies to the residents onboard.     The ISS Progress 15 craft automatically docked to the aft port of the Zvezda Service Module at 12:01 a.m...
4	Building Dedicated to Space Shuttle Columbia AstronautsBy BILL KACZOR    PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) -- A former dormitory converted to classrooms at the Pensacola Naval Air Station was dedicated Friday to two Columbia astronauts who were among the seven who died in the shuttle disaster Feb...
4	Undersea Habitat Becomes Experimental Space HospitalNASA -- The days of doctors making house calls may seem like ancient history for most patients in North America, but in October, three astronauts and a Canadian doctor will test the latest concepts in long-distance house calls using a unique underwater laboratory.     The ability to conduct long-distance health care such as telemonitoring and telerobotic surgery could be key to maintaining the wellness of future spacefarers and responding to medical emergencies on the International Space Station, the moon or Mars...
4	How Mars Fooled the WorldThe famous Orson Welles' radio broadcast of The War of the Worlds is about to hit the big screen, as film moguls Spielberg and Cruise bring the H.G. Wells' classic back into the popular imagination. Are we so clever today not be duped?
4	Chandra Catches Early Phase of Cosmic AssemblyChandra X-Ray Observatory -- A NASA Chandra X-ray Observatory image has revealed a complex of several intergalactic hot gas clouds in the process of merging.     The superb Chandra spatial resolution made it possible to distinguish individual galaxies from the massive clouds of hot gas...
4	Hubble Peers Inside a Celestial GeodeHubble Space Telescope -- In this unusual image, NASA's Hubble Space Telescope captures a rare view of the celestial equivalent of a geode  a gas cavity carved by the stellar wind and intense ultraviolet radiation from a hot young star.    Real geodes are baseball-sized, hollow rocks that start out as bubbles in volcanic or sedimentary rock...
4	Saturn's Moon Titan: Prebiotic Laboratoryby Harry Bortman    In this second and final part of the interview, Lunine explains how Huygens may help scientists understand the origin of life on Earth, even if it doesn't detect life on Titan.    Astrobiology Magazine -- Titan is the only moon in our solar system with an atmosphere, and it is the organic chemistry that has been detected in that atmosphere that has sparked the imagination of planetary scientists like Lunine...
4	Sharpest Image Ever Obtained of a Circumstellar Disk Reveals Signs of Young PlanetsMAUNA KEA, Hawaii -- The sharpest image ever taken of a dust disk around another star has revealed structures in the disk which are signs of unseen planets.     Dr...
4	Chandra Celebrates Five Years of Scientific BreakthroughsMarshall Space Flight Center -- On August 12, 1999, NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory opened its sunshade doors for the first time, allowing celestial X-ray light to reach the observatory's mirrors. This one small step for the observatory proved to be a giant leap for science as Chandra began its mission to shed new light on a violent, mysterious universe invisible to the human eye...
4	Some Globular Clusters May Be Leftovers From Snacking GalaxiesGlobular star clusters are like spherical cathedrals of light -- collections of millions of stars lumped into a space only a few dozen light-years across. If the Earth resided within a globular cluster, our night sky would be alight with thousands of stars more brilliant than Sirius.
4	India Rethinks Plan for Manned Moon MissionBy S. SRINIVASAN    BANGALORE, India (AP) -- India is rethinking its plan to send a man to the moon by 2015, as the mission would cost a lot of money and yield very little in return, the national space agency said Thursday...
4	Cluster Finds Giant Gas Vortices at the Edge of Earths Magnetic BubbleEuropean Space Agency -- ESAs quartet of space-weather watchers, Cluster, has discovered vortices of ejected solar material high above the Earth.     The superheated gases trapped in these structures are probably tunnelling their way into the Earths magnetic bubble, the magnetosphere...
4	Saturn's Moon Titan: Planet Wannabeby Henry Bortman     Jonathan Lunine, professor of planetary science and physics at the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory in Tucson, Arizona, has long been fascinated by Saturn's largest moon, Titan. In this first part of the interview, Lunine explains what scientists hope to learn from Huygens...